Template: cdrom-checker/start
Type: boolean
Default: false
Description: Check CD-ROM integrity?
 Warning: this check depends on your hardware and may take some time.
Description-ar.UTF-8: هل أفحص تكامل القرص المدمج؟
 تحذير: هذا الفحص يعتمد على عتادك وقد
 يستغرق بعض الوقت.
Description-bg.UTF-8: Проверка на целостта на компактдиска?
 Внимание: тази проверка зависи от Вашия
 хардуер и може да отнеме известно време.
Description-bs.UTF-8: Provjeriti ispravnost CD-ROM-a?
 Upozorenje: ova provjera ovisi o vašem hardveru i može potrajati neko
 izvjesno vrijeme.
Description-ca.UTF-8: Voleu comprovar la integritat del CD-ROM?
 Avís: aquesta comprovació depén del vostre maquinari i pot trigar un
 temps.
Description-cs.UTF-8: Zkontrolovat integritu CD-ROM?
 Varování: rychlost kontroly závisí na vašem hardwaru a může trvat
 dost dlouho.
Description-cy.UTF-8: Gwirio cywirdeb y CD-ROM?
 Rhybudd: mae'r prawf yma yn dibynnu ar eich caledwedd a gall gymryd peth
 amser.
Description-da.UTF-8: Tjek cdrommens integritet?
 Advarsel: dette tjek afhænger af dit udstyr, og kan tage sin tid.
Description-de.UTF-8: CD-ROM Integrität überprüfen?
 Achtung: Dieser Vorgang ist abhängig von Ihrer Hardware und kann einige
 Zeit in Anspruch nehmen.
Description-el.UTF-8: Να γίνει έλεγχος της ακεραιότητας του CD-ROM;
 Προειδοποίηση: αυτός ο έλεγχος
 εξαρτάται από το υλικό του υπολογιστή
 σας και πιθανόν να καθυστερήσει.
Description-es.UTF-8: ¿Comprobar la integridad del CD-ROM?
 Atención: esta comprobación depende de su configuración hardware y
 puede llevar algún tiempo.
Description-eu.UTF-8: CD-ROM integritatea egiaztatu?
 Oharra: Egiaztapen honek zure hardwareaz baliazten da eta denbora nahikoa
 tarda dezake
Description-fa.UTF-8: درستی CDROM آزمایش گردد؟
 اخطار: این آزمون بستگی به سخت افزار شما
 دارد و ممکن است مدتی طول بکشد.
Description-fi.UTF-8: Tarkista rompun eheys?
 Varoitus: tämä tarkistus riippuu laitteistosta ja voi kestää hetken
 aikaa.
Description-fr.UTF-8: Contrôler l'intégrité du(des) cédérom(s) ?
 ATTENTION : cette vérification dépend de votre matériel et peut
 prendre un certain temps.
Description-gl.UTF-8: ¿Probar a integridade do CD-ROM?
 Perigo: Esta proba depende do teu equipo e pode levar algún tempo.
Description-he.UTF-8: בדוק תקינות CD?
 אזהרה: הבדיקת תלויה בחומרה שלך, ועלולה
 לקחת זמן ממושך.
Description-hr.UTF-8: Provjeriti potpunost CD-ROM-a?
 Pozor: ova provjera ovisi o vašem očvrsju i može potrajati.
Description-hu.UTF-8: CD-ROM épségének ellenőrzése?
 Figyelem: az ellenőrzés hardverfüggő, és hosszabb ideig tarthat.
Description-id.UTF-8: Periksa integritas CD-ROM?
 Peringatan: pengujian ini tergantung pada perangkat keras Anda dan ini
 bisa memerlukan waktu agak lama.
Description-it.UTF-8: Verificare l'integrità del CD-ROM?
 Attenzione: questa verifica dipende dall'hardware installato e può
 impiegare del tempo.
Description-ja.UTF-8: CD-ROM の完全性をチェックしますか?
 警告:
 このチェックはあなたのハードウェアに依存し、いくぶん時間がかかります。
Description-ko.UTF-8: CD-ROM이 올바른지 확인하시겠습니까?
 경고: 이 검사는 하드웨어에 따라 시간이 좀 걸릴 수도
 있습니다.
Description-lt.UTF-8: Ar tikrinti kompaktinio disko vientisumą?
 Perspėjimas: šis tikrinimas priklauso nuo Jūsų aparatinės įrangos ir
 gali užtrukti kažkiek laiko.
Description-lv.UTF-8: Pārbaudīt CD integritāti?
 Uzmanību: šis test ir atkarīgs no aparatūras un var aizņemt kādu
 laiku.
Description-nb.UTF-8: Vil du sjekke CD-plata?
 Advarsel: Denne testen kan ta lang tid, avhengig av hvilken maskinvare du
 har.
Description-nl.UTF-8: CD op mogelijke fouten controleren?
 Waarschuwing: de snelheid van deze foutcontrole is afhankelijk van uw
 hardware en kan enige tijd duren.
Description-nn.UTF-8: Sjekk integriteten til CDROM-en?
 Åtvaring: Denne kontrollen kan ta ein del tid, avhengig av maskinvara. Er
 du sikker på at du vil halda fram?
Description-no.UTF-8: Vil du sjekke CD-plata?
 Advarsel: Denne testen kan ta lang tid, avhengig av hvilken maskinvare du
 har.
Description-pl.UTF-8: Sprawdzić integralności płyty CD?
 Uwaga: ten test zależy od Twojego sprzętu i może chwilę potrwać.
Description-pt.UTF-8: Verificar a integridade do CD-ROM?
 Aviso: esta verificação depende do seu hardware por isso pode demorar
 algum tempo.
Description-pt_BR.UTF-8: Checar integridade do CD-ROM ?
 Aviso : esta checagem depende de seu hardware e pode levar algum tempo.
Description-ro.UTF-8: Verificaţi integritatea CD-ului?
 Atenţie: acestă verificare depinde de componentele dvs. şi s-ar putea
 să dureze ceva timp.
Description-ru.UTF-8: Проверить целостность компакт-диска?
 Предупреждение: продолжительность
 проверки зависит от вашей аппаратуры и
 может занять некоторое время.
Description-sk.UTF-8: Skontrolovať integritu CD-ROM?
 Pozor: rýchlosť kontroly závisí na vašom hardvéri a môže trvať
 dosť dlho.
Description-sl.UTF-8: Preverim veljavnost CD-ROM-a?
 Opozorilo: dolžina tega preverjanja je odvisna od vaše strojne opreme in
 lahko traja nekaj časa.
Description-sq.UTF-8: Ta kontrolloj tërësinë e CD-ROM-it?
 Kujdes: ky kontroll varet nga hardware që ke dhe mund të zgjasë disi.
Description-sv.UTF-8: Kontrollera integriteten på cd-rom:en?
 Varning: denna kontroll är hårdvaruberoende och kan ta en tag.
Description-tr.UTF-8: CD-ROM'un doğruluğu denetlensin mi?
 Uyarı: bu denetimin süresi donanımınıza bağlıdır ve biraz zaman
 alabilir.
Description-uk.UTF-8: Перевірити цілісність компакт-диску?
 Попередження: тривалість перевірки
 залежить від вашого обладнання та може
 зайняти деякий час.
Description-xh.UTF-8: Ikhangela imfezeko ye-CD-ROM?
 Isilumkiso: oku kuvavanya kuxhomekeke kwimpahla yentsimbi yekhompyutha
 yakho yaye ingathabatha ixesha.
Description-zh_CN.UTF-8: 检测 CD-ROM 的完整性吗？
 警告：检测跟硬件性能有关，可能需要较长时间。
Description-zh_TW.UTF-8: 是否檢驗光碟的完整性？
 警告：該檢驗作業依您的硬體性能而定，可能會花上一點時間。

Template: cdrom-checker/askmount
Type: note
Description: Insert an Ubuntu CD-ROM
 Please insert the Ubuntu CD-ROM into the drive before continuing.
Description-bg.UTF-8: Поставете Убунту компактдиск
 Моля поставете Убунту компактдиска в CD
 устройството преди да продължите.
Description-ca.UTF-8: Inseriu un CD-ROM d'Ubuntu
 Inseriu el CD-ROM d'Ubuntu a la unitat abans de continuar.
Description-de.UTF-8: Ubuntu CD-ROM einlegen
 Bitte legen Sie die Ubuntu-CD in das Laufwerk, bevor Sie fortfahren.
Description-el.UTF-8: Εισάγετε ένα CD-ROM του Ubuntu
 Παρακαλώ, εισάγετε το CD-ROM του Ubuntu στη
 μονάδα CD-ROM πριν συνεχίσετε.
Description-es.UTF-8: Inserte un CD-ROM de Ubuntu
 Por favor, inserte uno de los CD-ROMs oficiales de Debian en la unidad
 lectora antes de continuar.
Description-fr.UTF-8: Insérez un cédérom Ubuntu
 Veuillez insérer un cédérom d'Ubuntu dans votre lecteur avant de
 continuer.
Description-he.UTF-8: הכנס CD של אובונטו
 נא הכנס אחד מהדיסקים הרישמיים של אובונטו
 לכונן לפני שתמשיך.
Description-hu.UTF-8: Helyezzen be egy Ubuntu CD-ROM-lemezt.
 A folytatáshoz a meghajtóba helyezzen be egy hivatalos Ubuntu CD-lemezt.
Description-id.UTF-8: Masukkan CD ROM Ubuntu
 Masukkan CD ROM Ubuntu ke dalam penggerak sebelum melanjutkan.
Description-it.UTF-8: Inserire un CD-ROM Ubuntu
 Inserire nel lettore del CD-ROM Ubuntu prima di continuare.
Description-ja.UTF-8: Ubuntu CD-ROM を挿入してください。
 続ける前に、Ubuntu CD-ROM
 をドライブに挿入してください。
Description-nb.UTF-8: Sett inn en Ubuntu-CD-plate
 Sett inn en Ubuntu-CD-plate i stasjonen før du fortsetter.
Description-nl.UTF-8: Gelieve een Ubuntu-CD in het CD-station te plaatsen
 Gelieve een Ubuntu-CD in het CD-station te plaatsen alvorens verder te
 gaan.
Description-nn.UTF-8: Set inn ei Ubuntu-CD-plate
 Set inn ei Ubuntu-CD-plate i stasjonen før du held fram.
Description-no.UTF-8: Sett inn en Ubuntu-CD-plate
 Sett inn en Ubuntu-CD-plate i stasjonen før du fortsetter.
Description-pl.UTF-8: Włóż płytę CD Ubuntu
 Przed kontynuacją włóż do napędu płytę CD Ubuntu
Description-pt.UTF-8: Insira um CD-ROM de Ubuntu
 Por favor insira um CD-ROM de Ubuntu no leitor antes de continuar.
Description-pt_BR.UTF-8: Insira um CD-ROM Ubuntu
 Por favor, insira um CD-ROM Ubuntu no leitor de CDs antes de continuar.
Description-ro.UTF-8: Introduceţi un CD Ubuntu
 Vă rugăm să introduceţi un CD Ubuntu în unitate înainte de a
 continua.
Description-sk.UTF-8: Vložte CD s Ubuntu
 Prosím, vložte do mechaniky jedno z oficiálnych CD s Ubuntu, ak chcete
 pokračovať.
Description-sv.UTF-8: Sätt in en cd-rom med Ubuntu
 Sätt in en cd-rom med Ubuntu i enheten innan du fortsätter.
Description-xh.UTF-8: Fakela i-CD-ROM ye-Ubuntu
 Nceda ufakele i-CD-ROM ye-Ubuntu ngaphakathi kwi-drve ngaphambi kokuba
 uqhubeke.

Template: cdrom-checker/mntfailed
Type: error
Description: Failed to mount CD-ROM
 The CD-ROM ${CDROM} could not be mounted correctly. Please check the media
 and cables, and try it again.
Description-ar.UTF-8: فشل تجهيز القرص المدمج
 القرص المدمج ${CDROM} لم يمكن تجهيزه بشكل
 صحيح. رجاء افحص الجهاز والأسلاك، وحاول
 مرة أخرى.
Description-bg.UTF-8: Грешка при монтиране на компактдиска
 Компактдискът ${CDROM} не може да бъде
 монтиран правилно. Моля, проверете
 носителя и кабелите и опитайте отново.
Description-bs.UTF-8: Nemogu montirati CD-ROM
 CD-ROM ${CDROM} se nije mogao pravilno montirati. Molim provjerite medij i
 kablove i pokušajte ponovo.
Description-ca.UTF-8: No s'ha pogut muntar el CD-ROM
 El CD-ROM ${CDROM} no s'ha pogut muntar correctament. Si us plau,
 comproveu el medi i els cables, i proveu de nou.
Description-cs.UTF-8: Selhalo připojení CD-ROM
 CD-ROM ${CDROM} se nepodařilo připojit. Zkontrolujte médium, kabely a
 zkuste to znovu.
Description-cy.UTF-8: Methwyd clymu CD-ROM
 Methwyd clymu'r CD-ROM ${CDROM} yn gywir. Gwiriwch y disg a'r cêblau, a
 ceisiwch eto.
Description-da.UTF-8: Kunne ikke montere cdrommen
 Cdrommen ${CDROM} kunne ikke monteres korrekt. Tjek mediet samt
 forbindelsen og prøv igen.
Description-de.UTF-8: Konnte CD-ROM nicht einbinden
 Die CD-ROM ${CDROM} konnte nicht korrekt eingebunden werden. Bitte
 überprüfen Sie das Medium sowie die Kabel und versuchen Sie es erneut.
Description-el.UTF-8: Σφάλμα κατά τη κατάτμηση (mount) του CD-ROM
 Η μονάδα CD-ROM ${CDROM} δε μπορεί να
 προσαρτηθεί σωστά. Παρακαλούμε ελέγξτε
 τη καλωδίωση και το μέσον και
 ξαναπροσπαθήστε.
Description-es.UTF-8: Se produjo un fallo al montar el CD-ROM
 El CD-ROM ${CDROM} no pudo ser montado correctamente. Por favor, compruebe
 el disco y los cables y pruebe de nuevo.
Description-eu.UTF-8: Huts CD-ROM-a muntatzerakoan
 ${CDROM} CD-ROM-a ezin da egoki muntatu. Mesdez egiaztatu kable eta CD-a
 eta berriz saiatu zaite.
Description-fa.UTF-8: بارگزاری CD-ROM شکست خورد!
 درایو ${CDROM} نمیتواند بارگزاری شود. لطفا
 درایو و کابل های مربوطه را بازدید کرده
 مجددا تلاش کنید.
Description-fi.UTF-8: Rompun liittäminen epäonnistui
 Romppua ${CDROM} ei voitu liittää oikein. Tarkistathan taltion ja
 kaapelit. Yritä sen jälkeen uudelleen.
Description-fr.UTF-8: Impossible de monter le cédérom
 Le cédérom ${CDROM} ne peut être monté correctement. Veuillez
 vérifier le support et les câbles, puis essayez une nouvelle fois.
Description-gl.UTF-8: Non se puido montar o CD-ROM
 O CD-ROM ${CDROM} non se puido montar correctamente.  Por favor, comprobe
 que está conectado e que funciona, e volva probar.
Description-he.UTF-8: כשלון בעגינת CD
 לא ניתן לעגון את ה-CD-ROM ${CDROM} באופן תקין. נא
 בדוק את המדיה ואת הכבלים ונסה שוב.
Description-hr.UTF-8: Ne mogu montirati CD-ROM
 CD-ROM ${CDROM} nije moguće pravilno montirati. Molim provjerite medij i
 spojne kablove i pokušajte iznova.
Description-hu.UTF-8: CD-ROM felcsatlakoztatása sikertelen
 A CD-ROM-meghajtó (${CDROM}) felcsatlakoztatása meghiúsult.
 Ellenőrizze a telepítőmédium épségét és a kábelek
 csatlakozásait, majd próbálkozzon ismét.
Description-id.UTF-8: Tidak berhasil mengaitkan CD ROM
 CD-ROM ${CDROM} tidak bisa dikaitkan dengan benar. Silakan periksa media
 dan kabel, kemudian silakan mencoba kembali.
Description-it.UTF-8: Mount del CD-ROM non riuscito
 Il CD-ROM ${CDROM} non è stato montato correttamente.  Controllare il
 disco, i collegamenti e tentare nuovamente.
Description-ja.UTF-8: CD-ROM のマウントに失敗しました
 CD-ROM ${CDROM}
 は正常にマウントできませんでした。メディアとケーブルを確認して、再度試してください。
Description-ko.UTF-8: CD-ROM을 마운트하는 데 실패했습니다
 ${CDROM} CD-ROM을 마운트할 수 없습니다.  미디어와
 케이블을 확인하시고, 다시 한 번 시도하십시오.
Description-lt.UTF-8: Nepavyko prijungti kompaktinio disko
 Negalima korektiškai prijungti kompaktinio disko ${CDROM}. Prašau
 patikrinti kompaktinį diską arba kabelius, ir pabandyti dar kartą.
Description-lv.UTF-8: Nevarēju  piemontēt CD
 CD ${CDROM} nevarēja tikt piemontēts. Lūdzu pārbaudiet disku un
 savienojošos kabeļus un pamēģiniet vēlreiz.
Description-nb.UTF-8: Klarte ikke å montere CD-plata
 CD-plata ${CDROM} ble ikke montert korrekt. Sjekk CD-plata og kabler, og
 prøv igjen.
Description-nl.UTF-8: Aankoppelen van de CD is mislukt
 De CD ${CDROM} kon niet goed aangekoppeld worden. Gelieve de CD en de
 kabels te controleren, en daarna opnieuw te proberen.
Description-nn.UTF-8: Klarte ikkje montera CD-plata
 CDROM-en ${CDROM} blei ikkje montert rett. Sjekk mediet og kablar og prøv
 igjen.
Description-no.UTF-8: Klarte ikke å montere CD-plata
 CD-plata ${CDROM} ble ikke montert korrekt. Sjekk CD-plata og kabler, og
 prøv igjen.
Description-pl.UTF-8: Nie udało się zamontować płyty CD
 CD-ROM ${CDROM} nie mógł być poprawnie zamontowany. Sprawdź nośnik i
 kable, a następnie spróbuj ponownie.
Description-pt.UTF-8: Não foi possível montar o CD-ROM
 Não foi possível montar este CD-ROM ${CDROM} correctamente. Por favor
 verifique o CD e os cabos e volte a tentar.
Description-pt_BR.UTF-8: Falha ao montar CD-ROM
 Não foi possível montar o CD-ROM ${CDROM} corretamente. Por favorm
 cheque a mídia e os cabos e tente novamente.
Description-ro.UTF-8: Eşec la montarea CD-ului
 CD-ul ${CDROM} nu a putut fi montat corect. Vă rugăm să verificaţi
 CD-ul şi cablurile, apoi încercaţi din nou.
Description-ru.UTF-8: Не удалось смонтировать компакт-диск
 Не удалось смонтировать компакт-диск
 ${CDROM}. Проверьте носитель и подключение и
 повторите попытку.
Description-sk.UTF-8: Zlyhalo pripojenie CD
 CD ${CDROM} sa nepodarilo pripojiť. Skontrolujte médium, káble a
 skúste to znovu.
Description-sl.UTF-8: Nisem mogel priklopiti CD-ROM-a
 CD-ROM ${CDROM} ni bilo mogoče pravilno priklopiti. Preverite nosilec in
 kable in poskusite znova.
Description-sq.UTF-8: Montimi i CD-ROM-it dështoi
 Ky CD-ROM ${CDROM} nuk mundi të montohej saktësisht. Të lutem kontrollo
 drive dhe lidhjet, e më pas provoje dhe njëherë.
Description-sv.UTF-8: Misslyckades att montera cd-rom
 Cd-rom:en ${CDROM} kunde inte monteras korrekt. Kontrollera medien och
 kablarna och försök igen.
Description-tr.UTF-8: CD-ROM bağlanamadı
 CD-ROM ${CDROM} doğru bağlanamadı.  Lütfen CD'yi ve kabloları kontrol
 edip tekrar deneyin.
Description-uk.UTF-8: Не вдалося змонтувати CD-ROM
 CD-ROM ${CDROM} не може бути коректно
 змонтований. Перевірте носій та кабелі
 та спробуйте ще раз.
Description-xh.UTF-8: Ayiphumelelanga ukunyusa i-CD-ROM
 I-CD-ROM ${CDROM} ayikwazanga kunyuswa ngokufanelekileyo. Nceda ukhangele
 izixhobo eziphathekayo zokugcina ulwazi kwakunye neentsontelo, uze uzame
 kwakhona.
Description-zh_CN.UTF-8: 无法挂载光盘
 光盘 ${CDROM}
 不能正确挂载。请检查介质和线缆，并且重试。
Description-zh_TW.UTF-8: 無法掛載光碟
 無法正確掛載 ${CDROM}
 光碟。請檢查媒體和排線，然後再重試一次。

Template: cdrom-checker/wrongcd
Type: error
Description: No valid Ubuntu CD-ROM
 The CD-ROM you have inserted is not a valid Ubuntu CD-ROM.
 Please change the disk.
Description-bg.UTF-8: Няма валиден Убунту диск
 Компактдискът поставен от вас не е
 валиден Убунту диск. Моля сменете диска.
Description-bs.UTF-8: Nema ispravnog Ubuntu CD-ROM-a
 CD-ROM koji ste ubacili nije ispravan Ubuntu CD-ROM. Molim promijenite
 disk.
Description-ca.UTF-8: No és un CD-ROM d'Ubuntu vàlid
 El CD-ROM que heu inserit no és un CD-ROM d'Ubuntu vàlid. Si us plau,
 canvieu el disc.
Description-cy.UTF-8: Dim CD-ROM Ubuntu dilys
 Nid yw'r CD-ROM rydych chi wedi mewnosod yn CD-ROM Ubuntu dilys. Newidwch
 y disg os gwelwch yn dda.
Description-da.UTF-8: Ikke en gyldig Ubuntu-cdrom
 Den cdrom, du har indsat, er ikke en gyldig Ubuntu-cdrom. Indsæt en anden
 cd.
Description-de.UTF-8: Keine gültige Ubuntu CD-ROM
 Die von Ihnen eingelegte CD-ROM ist keine gültige Ubuntu CD-ROM. Bitte
 wechseln Sie die CD.
Description-el.UTF-8: Μη έγκυρο CD-ROM του Ubuntu
 Το CD-ROM που τοποθετήσατε δεν είναι έγκυρο
 CD-ROM του Ubuntu. Παρακαλώ, τοποθετήστε το
 σωστό CD-ROM.
Description-es.UTF-8: No es un CD-ROM de Ubuntu válido
 El CD-ROM que ha insertado no es un CD-ROM de Ubuntu válido. Por favor,
 cambie el disco.
Description-eu.UTF-8: Ez da balioz Ubuntu CD-ROM-a
 SArtu duzun CD-ROM-a ez da baliozko Ubuntu CD-ROM-a. Alda ezazu diskoa.
Description-fi.UTF-8: Ei kelvollista Ubuntu-romppua
 Laittamasi romppu ei ole kelpo Ubuntu-romppu. Vaihda levyä.
Description-fr.UTF-8: Aucun cédérom Ubuntu valide
 Le cédérom que vous avez inséré n'est pas un cédérom Ubuntu valide.
 Veuillez changer le disque.
Description-gl.UTF-8: O CD-ROM de Ubuntu non é válido
 O CD-ROM insertado non é de Ubuntu.  Cámbieo, por favor.
Description-he.UTF-8: אין CD תקני של אובונטו
 ה-CD-ROM שהכנסת אינו דיסק תקין של אובונטו.
 החלף אותו בבקשה.
Description-hu.UTF-8: Nem érvényes Ubuntu CD-ROM
 A behelyezett CD-ROM nem egy érvényes Ubuntu CD-ROM. Cserélje ki a
 lemezt.
Description-id.UTF-8: Bukan CD-ROM Ubuntu yang sah.
 CD-ROM yang telah anda masukkan bukan CD-ROM Ubuntu yang sah. Silakan
 ganti dengan CD-ROM yang benar.
Description-it.UTF-8: Nessun CD-ROM Ubuntu valido
 Il disco inserito non è un CD-ROM Ubuntu valido. Sostituire il disco.
Description-ja.UTF-8: 有効な Ubuntu CD-ROM がありません
 挿入した CD-ROM は有効な Ubuntu CD-ROM
 ではありません。ディスクを交換してください。
Description-lt.UTF-8: Tai ne Ubuntu kompaktinis diskas
 Jūsų įdėtas kompaktinis diskas nėra teisingas Ubuntu diskas. Prašau
 pakeiskite diską.
Description-lv.UTF-8: Nav atrasts neviens Ubuntu CD
 CD, ko Jūs ielikāt, nav Ubuntu CD. Lūdzu nomainiet CD.
Description-nb.UTF-8: Ingen gyldig Ubuntu-CD-plate
 CD-plata du satte inn er ikke en gyldig Ubuntu-CD-plate. Bytt plate.
Description-nl.UTF-8: Geen geldige Ubuntu-CD
 De geplaatste CD is geen geldige Ubuntu-CD. Gelieve een andere CD te
 plaatsen.
Description-nn.UTF-8: Ingen gyldig Ubuntu-CDROM
 CDROM-en du sette inn er ikkje ein gyldig Ubuntu-CDROM. Skift CD-plate.
Description-no.UTF-8: Ingen gyldig Ubuntu-CD-plate
 CD-plata du satte inn er ikke en gyldig Ubuntu-CD-plate. Bytt plate.
Description-pl.UTF-8: Brak prawidłowej płyty CD Ubuntu
 Włożona płyta CD nie jest poprawną płytą CD Ubuntu. Zmień dysk.
Description-pt.UTF-8: Sem CD-ROM de Ubuntu válido
 O CD-ROM que inseriu não é um CD-ROM de Ubuntu válido. Por favor mude o
 CD.
Description-pt_BR.UTF-8: Não é um CDROM Ubuntu válido
 O CD-ROM inserido não é um CD-ROM Ubuntu válido. Por favor troque-o.
Description-ro.UTF-8: CD Ubuntu invalid
 CD-ul introdus nu este un CD Ubuntu valid. Vă rugăm să schimbaţi
 discul.
Description-ru.UTF-8: Это не компакт-диск Ubuntu
 Вставленный вами компакт-диск не
 является компакт-диском Ubuntu. Смените
 диск.
Description-sk.UTF-8: Neplatné Ubuntu CD
 Disk, ktorý ste vložili, nie je platné CD s Ubuntu. Vymeňte ho,
 prosím.
Description-sq.UTF-8: Asnjë CD-ROM Ubuntu i vlefshëm
 CD-ROM që fute nuk është një CD-ROM Ubuntu i vlefshëm. Të lutem
 ndrysho disk.
Description-sv.UTF-8: Inte en giltig Ubuntu-cd-rom
 Cd-rom:en som du har satt in är inte en giltig Ubuntu-cd-rom. Byt skivan.
Description-tr.UTF-8: Geçerli bir Ubuntu CD'si değil
 Yerleştirdiğiniz CD geçerli bir Ubuntu CD'si değil.  Lütfen CD'yi
 değiştirin.
Description-uk.UTF-8: Це не компакт-диск Ubuntu
 Вставлений компакт-диск не є
 компакт-диском Ubuntu. Змініть диск.
Description-xh.UTF-8: Ayikho i-CD-ROM esemthethweni ye-Ubuntu
 I-CD-ROM oyifakileyo asiyiyo i-CD-ROM esemthethweni ye-Ubuntu. Nceda
 utshintshe idiski.
Description-zh_CN.UTF-8: 无效的 Ubuntu CD-ROM
 插入的光盘不是有效的 Ubuntu 光盘。请更换光盘。
Description-zh_TW.UTF-8: 並不是正確的 Ubuntu 光碟
 您所放入的光碟並不是正確的 Ubuntu
 光碟。請更換光碟片。

Template: cdrom-checker/md5file_failed
Type: error
Description: Failed to open checksum file
 Opening the MD5 file on the CD-ROM failed. This file contains the checksums
 of the files located on the CD-ROM.
Description-ar.UTF-8: فشل فتح ملف الفحص الكلي
 فشل فتح ملف MD5 من القرص المدمج. يحتوي هذا
 الملف الفحص الكلي للملفات الموجودة على
 القرص المدمج.
Description-bg.UTF-8: Грешка при отваряне на файла с контролните суми
 Отварянето на MD5 файла от компактдиска
 не успя. Този файл съдържа контролните
 суми на файловете, разположени на
 компактдиска.
Description-bs.UTF-8: Nemogu da otvorim checksum datoteku
 Nemogu da otvorim MD5 datoteku na CD-ROM-u. Ova datoteka sadrži checksums
 (kontrolne zbirove) datoteka smještenih na CD-ROM-u.
Description-ca.UTF-8: No s'ha pogut obrir el fitxer de sumes de comprovació
 No s'ha pogut obrir el fitxer d'MD5 del CD-ROM. Aquest fitxer conté les
 sumes de comprovació dels fitxers ubicats al CD-ROM.
Description-cs.UTF-8: Nelze otevřít soubor s kontrolními součty
 Selhalo otevření souboru, který obsahuje kontrolní součty (MD5)
 souborů umístěných na CD-ROM.
Description-cy.UTF-8: Methwyd agor y ffeil swm prawf
 Methwyd agor y ffeil MD5 ar y CD-ROM. Mae'r ffeil yma yn cynnwys symiau
 prawf y ffeiliau ar y CD-ROM.
Description-da.UTF-8: Kunne ikke åbne tjeksumsfil
 Kunne ikke åbne MD5-filen på cdrommen.Denne fil indeholder tjeksummer
 for alle de filer, der er på cdrommen.
Description-de.UTF-8: Fehler beim öffnen der Datei mit den Prüfsummen
 Das Öffnen der MD5-Datei auf der CD-ROM schlug fehl. Diese Datei
 beinhaltet die Prüfsummen der Dateien, die sich auf der CD-ROM befinden.
Description-el.UTF-8: Σφάλμα κατά το άνοιγμα του αρχείου MD5
 Σημειώθηκε σφάλμα κατά το άνοιγμα του
 αρχείου MD5 από το CD-ROM. Το αρχείο αυτό το
 οποίο περιέχει τις υπογραφές των
 αρχείων που βρίσκονται στο CD-ROM.
Description-es.UTF-8: Se produjo un fallo al abrir el fichero de sumas de comprobación
 Se produjo un fallo al abrir el fichero MD5 del CD-ROM. Este fichero
 contiene las sumas de comprobación de los ficheros contenidos en el
 CD-ROM.
Description-eu.UTF-8: Huts kontrol-batura fitxategia irekitzerakoan
 Hust CD-ROM-eko kontrol batura fitxategia irekitzarakoan. Fitxategi honek
 CD-ROM-eko fitxategien kontrol-batura du.
Description-fa.UTF-8: تلاش برای باز کردن فایل  checksum با شکست مواجه شد!
 تلاش برای باز کردن فایل MD5 از روی سی‌دی
 با شکست مواجه شد! این فیل شامل  checksumهای
 فایلهای بر روی سی‌دی است.
Description-fi.UTF-8: Tarkistussummatiedoston avaus epäonnistui
 MD5-tiedoston avaus rompulta epäonnistui. Tiedosto sisältää
 tarkistussummat rompulta löytyville tiedostoille.
Description-fr.UTF-8: Ouverture du fichier MD5 impossible
 Impossible d'ouvrir le fichier MD5 présent sur le cédérom. Ce fichier
 contient les sommes de contrôle des fichiers présents sur le cédérom.
Description-gl.UTF-8: Non se puido abrir o ficheiro checksum
 Non se puido abrir o ficheiro MD5 do CD-ROM.  Este ficheiro contén os
 checksums dos ficheiros contidos no CD-ROM.
Description-he.UTF-8: כשלון בפיתחת קובץ checksum 
 פתיחת קובץ MD5 על ה-CD נכשלה. הקובץ הזה
 מכילה את ה-checksum של הקבצים על הדיסק.
Description-hr.UTF-8: Otvaranje 'checksum' datoteke neuspjelo
 Otvaranje MD5 datoteke na CD-ROM-u neuspjelo. Ta datoteka sadrži provjere
 svih datoteka koje su na CD-ROM-u.
Description-hu.UTF-8: Ellenőrző-összegek megnyitása sikertelen
 A CD-ROM-on található MD5 fájl megnyitására tett kísérlet
 sikertelen maradt. Ez a fájl tartalmazza a CD-ROM-on elhelyezkedő
 fájlok ellenőrző-összegeit.
Description-id.UTF-8: Tidak berhasil membuka berkas checksum
 Pembukaan berkas MD5 pada CD-ROM tidak berhasil. Berkas ini berisi
 checksum dari berkas-berkas yang berada pada CD-ROM.
Description-it.UTF-8: Apertura del file di checksum non riuscita
 È fallita l'apertura del file MD5 sul CD-ROM. Questo file contiene le
 checksum dei file presenti sul CD-ROM.
Description-ja.UTF-8: チェックサムファイルを開くのに失敗しました
 CD-ROM の MD5
 ファイルのオープンに失敗しました。このファイルは、CD-ROM
 に置かれているファイルのチェックサムを格納しています。
Description-ko.UTF-8: 체크섬 파일을 여는 데 실패했습니다
 CD-ROM의 MD5 파일을 여는 데 실패했습니다. 체크섬
 파일에는 CD-ROM에 들어 있는 파일의 체크섬이 들어
 있습니다.
Description-lt.UTF-8: Nepavyko atverti kontrolinių sumų failo
 Nepavyko atverti MD5 failo, esančio kompaktiniame diske. Šis failas
 talpina kompaktiniame diske esančių failų kontrolines sumas.
Description-lv.UTF-8: Nevarēju atvērt checksummu failu
 Nevarēju atvērt MD5 failu uz CD. Šajā failā atrodas visu uz CD esošo
 failu kontrolsummas.
Description-nb.UTF-8: Klarte ikke å åpne sjekksumfila
 Klarte ikke å åpne MD5-fila på CD-en. Denne fila inneholder
 sjekksummene for filene som er på CD-en.
Description-nl.UTF-8: Openen van controlesommen-bestand is mislukt
 Het openen van het MD5-bestand op de CD (dat de controlesommen van de
 bestanden op de CD bevat) is mislukt.
Description-nn.UTF-8: Klarte ikkje å opna sjekksumfil
 Klarte ikkje å opna MD5-fila på CDROM-en. Denne fila inneheld
 sjekksummane for filene som er på CDROM-en.
Description-no.UTF-8: Klarte ikke å åpne sjekksumfila
 Klarte ikke å åpne MD5-fila på CD-en. Denne fila inneholder
 sjekksummene for filene som er på CD-en.
Description-pl.UTF-8: Nie dało się otworzyć pliku sum kontrolnych
 Nie można było otworzyć pliku MD5 znajdującego się na płycie. Plik
 ten zawiera sumy kontrolne plików umieszczonych na płycie.
Description-pt.UTF-8: Não é possível abrir o ficheiro de checksum
 Não foi possível abrir o ficheiro MD5 no CD-ROM. Este ficheiro contém
 os checksums dos ficheiros que estão no CD-ROM.
Description-pt_BR.UTF-8: Falha ao abrir arquivo checksum
 A abertura do arquivo MD5 no CD-ROM falhou. Esse arquivo contém os
 checksums dos arquivos localizados no CD-ROM.
Description-ro.UTF-8: Eşec la deschiderea fişierului cu sumele de control
 Deschiderea fişierului MD5 de pe CD a eşuat. Acest fişier conţine
 sumele de control ale fişierelor aflate pe CD.
Description-ru.UTF-8: Не удалось открыть файл с контрольными суммами.
 Не удалось открыть MD5-файл с
 компакт-диска. Этот файл содержит
 контрольные суммы файлов, находящихся
 на компакт-диске.
Description-sk.UTF-8: Zlyhalo otvorenie kontrolného súboru
 Zlyhalo otvorenie MD5 súboru, ktorý obsahuje kontrolné súčty súborov
 umiestnených na CD.
Description-sl.UTF-8: Odpiranje datoteke z vsoto ni uspelo
 Ni mi uspelo odpreti datoteke MD5, ki vsebuje preveritvene vsote datotek
 na CD-ROM-u.
Description-sq.UTF-8: File checksum nuk arriti të hapej
 Hapja e file MD5 në CD-ROM dështoi. Ky file përmban checksum e paketave
 që ndodhen në CD-ROM.
Description-sv.UTF-8: Misslyckades med att öppna kontrollsummafilen.
 Misslyckades att öppna MD5-filen på cd-rom:en. Denna fil innehåller
 kontrollsummorna för filerna på cd-rom:en.
Description-tr.UTF-8: MD5 sağlama toplamı dosyası açılamadı
 CD'deki dosyaların doğruluklarını sınamak için gerekli olan MD5
 sağlama toplamı dosyası açılamıyor.
Description-uk.UTF-8: Не вдалося відкрити файл з контрольними сумами
 Не вдалося відкрити MD5 файл на
 компакт-диску. Цей файл містить
 контрольні суми файлів, що знаходяться
 на компакт-диску.
Description-xh.UTF-8: Ayiphumelelanga ukuvula ifayili yesixa-sovavanyo
 Ukuvula ifayili i-MD5 kwi CD-ROM akuphumelelanga. Le fayili iqulethe
 i-checksums ezifunyenwe kwi CD-ROM.
Description-zh_CN.UTF-8: 无法打开校验和文件
 无法打开光盘上的 MD5
 文件。这个文件包含光盘上所有文件的校验和。
Description-zh_TW.UTF-8: 無法打開 Checksum 檔案
 在開啟光碟上的 MD5
 檔案時失敗了。這個檔案包含了光碟上所有檔案的檢驗碼。

Template: cdrom-checker/passed
Type: note
Description: Integrity test successful
 The CD-ROM integrity test was successful. The CD-ROM is valid.
Description-ar.UTF-8: تمّ فحص التكامل بنجاح
 تمّ فحص التكامل للقرص المدمج بنجاح.
 القرص صالح.
Description-bg.UTF-8: Тестът за цялост завърши успешно
 Тестът за цялост на компактдиска
 завърши успешно. Компактдискът е
 валиден.
Description-bs.UTF-8: Test ispravnosti uspješan
 Provjera ispravnosti je uspjela. CD-ROM je ispravan.
Description-ca.UTF-8: Comprovació d'integritat exitosa
 La comprovació d'integritat del CD-ROM ha estat exitosa. El CD-ROM és
 vàlid.
Description-cs.UTF-8: Test integrity byl úspěšný
 Test integrity CD-ROM byl úspěšný, disk je v pořádku.
Description-cy.UTF-8: Roedd y prawf cywirdeb yn llwyddiannus
 Roedd y prawf cwirdeb CD-ROM yn llwyddiannus. Mae'r CD-ROM yn ddilys.
Description-da.UTF-8: Integritetstjek udført
 Cdrommen bestod integritetstjekket. Denne cdrom er gyldig.
Description-de.UTF-8: Integritätstest erfolgreich
 Der CD-ROM Integritätstest war erfolgreich. Die CD-ROM ist gültig.
Description-el.UTF-8: Ο έλεγχος ακεραιότητας ολοκληρώθηκε επιτυχώς
 Ο έλεγχος ακεραιότητας για το CD-ROM
 ολοκληρώθηκε επιτυχώς Το CD-ROM είναι σε
 καλή κατάσταση.
Description-es.UTF-8: Comprobación de integridad correcta
 La comprobación de integridad del CD-ROM fue correcta. El CD-ROM es
 válido.
Description-eu.UTF-8: Integritate egiaztapen arrakastatsua
 CD-ROM-aren integritatea arrakastatsuki egiaztatu da. CD-ROMa egokia da.
Description-fa.UTF-8: آزمون صحت موفقست آمیز بود.
 آزمن صحت سی‌دی موفقیت آمیز بود.  این
 سی‌دی معتبر است.
Description-fi.UTF-8: Eheystarkistus läpäisty
 Rompun eheystarkistus läpäistiin. Romppu on kelvollinen.
Description-fr.UTF-8: Contrôle d'intégrité terminé avec succès
 Le contrôle d'intégrité du cédérom a réussi. Le cédérom est
 valide.
Description-gl.UTF-8: Proba de integridade satisfactoria
 A proba de integridade foi satisfactoria.  O CD-ROM é válido.
Description-he.UTF-8: בדקית תקינות הסתיימה בהצלחה
 בדיקת תקינות הדיסק הסתיימה בהצלחה. הדיסק
 תקין.
Description-hr.UTF-8: Provjera potpunosti uspjela
 Provjera potpunosti CD-ROM-a uspjela. CD-ROM je valjan.
Description-hu.UTF-8: Épség ellenőrzése sikeres
 A CD-ROM épségét sikerült megállapítani. A CD-ROM érvényes.
Description-id.UTF-8: Uji keutuhan berhasil.
 Uji keutuhan CD-ROM berhasil dengan baik. CD-ROM bisa dipakai.
Description-it.UTF-8: Verifica di integrità completata correttamente
 Test di verifica dell'integrità del CD-ROM riuscito. Il CD-ROM è valido.
Description-ja.UTF-8: 完全性テストに成功しました
 CD-ROM の完全性は確かです。CD-ROM は有効です。
Description-ko.UTF-8: 내용 확인이 성공했습니다
 CD-ROM이 올바른지 확인하는 데 성공했습니다. CD-ROM이
 문제가 없습니다.
Description-lt.UTF-8: Vientisumo testas sėkmingai baigtas
 Kompaktinio disko vientisumo testas pasibaigė sėkmingai. Diskas
 tinkamas.
Description-lv.UTF-8: Integritātes tests veiksmīgi pabeigts
 Kompaktdiska integritātes pārbaude veiksmīgi pabeigta. Šis
 kompaktdisks ir korekts.
Description-nb.UTF-8: Integritetstesten var vellykket
 Testen av CD-plata var vellykket, CD-en er feilfri.
Description-nl.UTF-8: Foutcontrole heeft geen fouten gevonden
 De foutcontrole heeft op deze CD geen fouten gevonden. De CD is in orde!
Description-nn.UTF-8: Integritetstesten var vellukka
 Testen av CD-en var vellukka. CD-en er gyldig!
Description-no.UTF-8: Integritetstesten var vellykket
 Testen av CD-plata var vellykket, CD-en er feilfri.
Description-pl.UTF-8: Test integralności zakończony pomyślnie
 Test integralności płyty CD został pomyślnie zakończony. Płyta jest
 sprawna.
Description-pt.UTF-8: Teste de integridade realizado com sucesso
 O teste de integridade feito a este CD-ROM foi realizado com sucesso.Este
 CD-ROM é valido.
Description-pt_BR.UTF-8: Teste de integridade realizado com sucesso
 A checagem de integridade do CD-ROM foi um sucesso. O CD-ROM é válido.
Description-ro.UTF-8: Succes la testul de integritate
 CD-ul a trecut testul de integritate. CD-ul este valid.
Description-ru.UTF-8: Проверка целостности закончилась успешно
 Проверка целостности компакт-диска
 закончилась успешно. Компакт-диск
 исправен.
Description-sk.UTF-8: Test integrity bol úspešný
 Test integrity CD bol úspešný. CD je v poriadku.
Description-sl.UTF-8: Preizkus veljavnosti je uspel
 Preverjanje veljavnosti CD-ROM-a je uspela. Plošča je v redu.
Description-sq.UTF-8: Testi i tërësisë doli me sukses
 Testi i tërësisë për CD-ROM-in doli me sukses. CD-ROM është i
 vlefshëm.
Description-sv.UTF-8: Lyckat integritetstestet
 Integritetstestet av cd-rom:en var framgångsrikt. Cd-rom:en är giltig.
Description-tr.UTF-8: Doğrulama testi başarılı
 CD-ROM doğrulama testi başarılı.  CD-ROM geçerli.
Description-uk.UTF-8: Перевірку цілісності успішно завершено
 Перевірку цілісності компакт-диску
 успішно завершено. Компакт-диск
 придатний.
Description-xh.UTF-8: Uvavanyo lwemfezeko luphumelele
 Uvavanyo lwemfezeko lwe-CD-ROM luphumelele. I-CD-ROM isemthethweni.
Description-zh_CN.UTF-8: 完整性检查通过
 光盘完整性检查顺利结束。这是张有效的光盘。
Description-zh_TW.UTF-8: 完整性檢驗完成
 光碟完整性檢驗順利完成。這是張正確的光碟。

Template: cdrom-checker/mismatch
Type: error
Description: Integrity test failed
 The ${FILE} file failed the MD5 checksum verification. Your CD-ROM or
 this file may have been corrupted.
Description-ar.UTF-8: فشل فحص التكامل
 فشل الملف ${FILE} الفحص الكلي MD5. قد يكون
 قرصك المدمج أو الملف فاسداً.
Description-bg.UTF-8: Тестът за цялост завърши неуспешно
 Файлът ${FILE} не премина проверката на MD5
 контролната му сума. Вашият компактдиск
 или този файл може да са развалени.
Description-bs.UTF-8: Neuspjela provjera ispravnosti
 Provjera MD5 checksum datoteke ${FILE} neuspješna. Možda je vaš CD-ROM
 ili ova datoteka oštećena.
Description-ca.UTF-8: Ha fallat la comprovació d'integritat
 El fitxer ${FILE} ha fallat la verificació de les sumes de comprovació
 MD5. El vostre CD-ROM o aquest fitxer poden estar corromputs.
Description-cs.UTF-8: Test integrity selhal
 Soubor ${FILE} má chybný kontrolní součet. CD-ROM nebo tento soubor
 mohou být narušené.
Description-cy.UTF-8: Methodd y prawf cywirdeb
 Methodd y ffeil ${FILE} y gwiriad swm prawf MD5. Efallai cafodd eich
 CD-ROM neu'r ffeil hwn ei llygru.
Description-da.UTF-8: Integritetstjek fejlede
 Filen ${FILE} havde en forkert md5-tjeksum. Din cdrom eller denne fil kan
 være ødelagt.
Description-de.UTF-8: Integritätstest fehlgeschlagen
 Die Datei ${FILE} konnte nicht mit der MD5-Prüfsumme überprüft werden.
 Ihre CD-ROM oder diese Datei könnten beschädigt sein.
Description-el.UTF-8: Ο έλεγχος ακεραιότητας απέτυχε
 Το ακόλουθο αρχείο παρουσιάζει
 ασυμφωνία στην υπογραφή MD5: ${FILE}. Το CD-ROM ή
 το συγκεκριμένο αρχείο μπορεί να είναι
 κατεστραμμένο.
Description-es.UTF-8: Falló la comprobación de integridad
 Ha fallado la verificación de las sumas de comprobación MD5 en el
 fichero ${FILE}. Su CD-ROM o este fichero pueden estar corruptos.
Description-eu.UTF-8: Integritate egiaztapenak huts
 ${FILE} fitxategia huts egin du MD5 kontrol batura egiaztatzerakoan. Zure
 CD-ROMa edo fitxategi hau hondaturik dago.
Description-fa.UTF-8: آزمون صحت شکست خورد.
 فایل ${FILE} در تشخیص MD5 checksum موفق نبود. این
 سی‌دی یا فایل خراب شده است!
Description-fi.UTF-8: Eheystarkistus hylätty
 Tiedoston ${FILE} MD5-tarkistussumma ei täsmää. Romppusi tai tämä
 tiedosto voi olla vioittunut.
Description-fr.UTF-8: Échec du contrôle d'intégrité
 La somme de contrôle MD5 du fichier ${FILE} est incorrecte. Il se peut
 que l'ensemble du cédérom soit corrompu, ou seulement ce fichier.
Description-gl.UTF-8: A proba de integridade fallou
 O ficheiro ${FILE} no se verifico a través do MD5 checksum.  É posible
 que o CD-ROM ou este ficheiro estén corruptos.
Description-he.UTF-8: בדיקת תקינות נכשלה
 הקובץ ${FILE} כשל בבדיקת MD5 checksum. הדיסק או
 הקובץ הרוסים.
Description-hr.UTF-8: Provjera potpunosti neuspjela
 Datoteka ${FILE} nije prošla MD5 provjeru. Možda su vaš CD-ROM ili ta
 datoteka nevaljani.
Description-hu.UTF-8: Épség ellenőrzése sikertelen
 Egy fájl (${FILE}) MD5 ellenőrzőösszeg-vizsgálata hibát állapított
 meg. A CD-ROM (vagy csak ez a fájl) megsérülhetett.
Description-id.UTF-8: Uji keutuhan tidak berhasil.
 Berkas ${FILE} ini tidak berhasil melewati uji checksum MD5. CD-ROM Anda
 atau berkas ini mungkin rusak.
Description-it.UTF-8: Test di verifica integrità non riuscito
 La verifica del checksum MD5 per il file ${FILE} è fallita.  L'intero
 CD-ROM o solo questo file potrebbero essere corrotti.
Description-ja.UTF-8: 完全性テストに失敗しました
 ${FILE} ファイルの MD5
 チェックサム検証に失敗しました。CD-ROM
 またはこのファイルが壊れています。
Description-ko.UTF-8: 내용 확인에 실패했습니다
 ${FILE} 파일에 대해 MD5 체크섬 확인이 실패했습니다.
 CD-ROM이나 이 파일이 손상되었을 것입니다.
Description-lt.UTF-8: Vientisumo testas nepavyko
 Failo ${FILE} MD5 kontrolinė suma nesutapo. Jūsų kompaktinis diskas
 arba šis failas gali būti pažeistas.
Description-lv.UTF-8: Instalācijas soļa izpilde neidevās
 Fails ${FILE} neizturēja integritātes pārbaudi. Šis disks ir bojāts.
Description-nb.UTF-8: CD-testen mislyktes
 MD5-summen for følgende fil stemte ikke: ${FILE}. Kanskje CD-en eller
 fila er ødelagt.
Description-nl.UTF-8: Foutcontrole heeft fouten aangetroffen
 De MD5-som van het bestand ${FILE} klopt niet. Mogelijk is dit bestand
 corrupt of is uw CD beschadigd.
Description-nn.UTF-8: Integritetstesten feila
 MD5-summen for følgjande fil stemte ikkje: ${FILE}. Kanskje CDROM-en
 eller fila er korrupt.
Description-no.UTF-8: CD-testen mislyktes
 MD5-summen for følgende fil stemte ikke: ${FILE}. Kanskje CD-en eller
 fila er ødelagt.
Description-pl.UTF-8: Test integralności nie powiódł się
 Suma kontrolna MD5 następującego pliku jest niepoprawna: ${FILE}. Twoja
 płyta lub plik mogą być uszkodzone.
Description-pt.UTF-8: O teste de integridade falhou.
 A verificação do checksum MD5 do ficheiro ${FILE} falhou. O seu CD-ROM
 ou este ficheiro está danificado.
Description-pt_BR.UTF-8: Teste de integridade falhou
 A verificação do checksum MD5 do arquivo ${FILE} falhou. Seu CD-ROM ou
 esse arquivo podem estar corrompidos.
Description-ro.UTF-8: Testul de integritate a eşuat
 Fişierul ${FILE} nu a trecut de verificarea sumei de control MD5. CD-ul
 sau acest fişier ar putea fi corupt.
Description-ru.UTF-8: Проверка целостности закончилась неудачно
 Не совпадает контрольная сумма MD5 для
 файла ${FILE}. Возможно, ваш компакт-диск
 или этот файл повреждены.
Description-sk.UTF-8: Test integrity zlyhal
 Nasledujúci súbor má chybný kontrolný súčet: ${FILE}. CD alebo
 tento súbor môžu býť poškodené.
Description-sl.UTF-8: Preizkus veljavnosti ni uspel
 Vsota MD5 datoteke ${FILE} se ne ujema. Vaš CD-ROM ali ta datoteka sta
 morda poškodovana.
Description-sq.UTF-8: Testi i tërësisë dështoi
 File ${FILE} dështoi në verifikimin e checksum MD5. Ndoshta CD-ROM apo
 ky file mund të jenë të pavlefshëm.
Description-sv.UTF-8: Ingegritetstestet misslyckades.
 Filen ${FILE} hade en felaktig MD5-kontrollsumma. Din cd-rom eller denna
 fil kan ha blivit korrupt.
Description-tr.UTF-8: Doğrulama testi başarısız
 ${FILE} dosyası MD5 sağlama toplamıyla uyumsuz.  CD'niz veya bu dosya
 hasar görmüş olabilir.
Description-uk.UTF-8: Перевірка цілісності закінчилась невдало
 Не співпала контрольна сума MD5 для файлу
 ${FILE}. Ваш компакт-диск або цей файл
 можливо ушкоджені.
Description-xh.UTF-8: Uvavanyo kwemfezeko aluphumelelanga
 Ifayili i-${FILE} ayisiphumelelanga isiqinisekiso seixa-sovavanyo.
 I-CD-ROM yakho okanye le fayili kungenzeka okokuba yonakalisiwe.
Description-zh_CN.UTF-8: 完整性检查失败
 文件 ${FILE} 的 MD5
 校验和验证失败。您的光盘或者这个文件可能已被损坏。
Description-zh_TW.UTF-8: 完整性檢驗失敗
 在驗証檔案 ${FILE} 的 MD5
 檢查碼時失敗了。您的光碟或是這個檔案可能已經損壞。

Template: cdrom-checker/nextcd
Type: boolean
Default: false
Description: Check the integrity of another CD-ROM?
Description-ar.UTF-8: هل تريد فحص تكامل قرص ديبيان مدمج آخر؟
Description-bg.UTF-8: Проверка на целостта на друг компактдиск?
Description-bs.UTF-8: Da li želite da provjerite drugi CD-ROM?
Description-ca.UTF-8: Voleu comprovar la integritat d'un altre CD-ROM?
Description-cs.UTF-8: Zkontrolovat integritu dalšího CD-ROM?
Description-cy.UTF-8: Gwirio cywirdeb CD-ROM arall?
Description-da.UTF-8: Tjek en anden cdroms integritet?
Description-de.UTF-8: Integrität einer weiteren CD-ROM prüfen?
Description-el.UTF-8: Θα θέλατε να ελέγξετε κάποιο άλλο CD-ROM;
Description-es.UTF-8: ¿Desea comprobar la integridad de otro CD-ROM?
Description-eu.UTF-8: Beste CD-ROM baten integritatea egiaztatu?
Description-fa.UTF-8: آزمون صحت یک سی‌دی دیگر؟
Description-fi.UTF-8: Tarkista toisen rompun eheys?
Description-fr.UTF-8: Contrôler l'intégrité d'un autre cédérom ?
Description-gl.UTF-8: ¿Proba-la integridade de outro CD-ROM?
Description-he.UTF-8: בדוק תקינות של CD נוסף?
Description-hr.UTF-8: Provjeri potpunost drugog CD-ROM-a?
Description-hu.UTF-8: Másik CD-ROM épségének ellenőrzése?
Description-id.UTF-8: Uji keutuhan CD-ROM yang lain?
Description-it.UTF-8: Verificare l'integrità di un altro CD-ROM?
Description-ja.UTF-8: 別の CD-ROM の完全性も確認しますか?
Description-ko.UTF-8: 또 다른 CD-ROM의 내용을 확인하시겠습니까?
Description-lt.UTF-8: Ar tikrinti kito kompaktinio disko vientisumą?
Description-lv.UTF-8: Parbaudīt cita CD integritāti?
Description-nb.UTF-8: Vil du teste en annen CD?
Description-nl.UTF-8: Nog een CD op mogelijke fouten controleren?
Description-nn.UTF-8: Vil du testa integriteten til ein anna CDROM?
Description-no.UTF-8: Vil du teste en annen CD?
Description-pl.UTF-8: Czy chcesz sprawdzić integralność kolejnej płyty CD?
Description-pt.UTF-8: Verificar a integridade de outro CD-ROM?
Description-pt_BR.UTF-8: Checar a integridade de outro CD-ROM ?
Description-ro.UTF-8: Verificaţi integritatea altui CD?
Description-ru.UTF-8: Проверить целостность другого компакт-диска?
Description-sk.UTF-8: Skontrolovať integritu ďalšieho CD?
Description-sl.UTF-8: Bi radi preizkusili veljavnost še enega CD-ROM-a?
Description-sq.UTF-8: Të kontrolloj tërësinë e një CD-ROM-i tjetër?
Description-sv.UTF-8: Kontrollera integriteten för en annan cd-rom?
Description-tr.UTF-8: Başka bir CD-ROM test etmek ister misiniz?
Description-uk.UTF-8: Перевірити цілісність іншого компакт-диску?
Description-xh.UTF-8: Vavanya imfezeko yenye i-CD-ROM?
Description-zh_CN.UTF-8: 检测另一张光盘的完整性吗？
Description-zh_TW.UTF-8: 是否檢驗另一張光碟的完整性？

Template: cdrom-checker/firstcd
Type: note
Description: Insert Ubuntu CD-ROM
 Please make sure you have inserted the Ubuntu CD-ROM
 to continue with the installation.
Description-bg.UTF-8: Поставете Убунту компактдиск
 Моля уверете се, че сте поставили Убунту
 компактдиск за да продължите с
 инсталацията.
Description-bs.UTF-8: Ubacite Ubuntu CD-ROM
 Molim provjerite da ste ubacili Ubuntu CD-ROM kako biste nastavili
 instalaciju.
Description-ca.UTF-8: Inseriu un CD-ROM d'Ubuntu
 Assegureu-vos que heu inserit el CD-ROM d'Ubuntu per a continuar amb la
 instal·lació.
Description-cy.UTF-8: Mewnosodwch CD-ROM Ubuntu arall
 Os gwelwch yn dda, sicrhewch eich bod chi wedi mewnosod CD-ROM Ubuntu er
 mwyn mynd ymlaen gyda'r sefydliad.
Description-da.UTF-8: Indsæt Ubuntus cdrom
 Sørg for at indsætte Ubuntus cdrom for at fortsætte installationen.
Description-de.UTF-8: Ubuntu CD-ROM einlegen
 Um mit der Installation fortfahren zu können, stellen Sie bitte sicher,
 dass die Ubuntu CD-ROM eingelegt wurde.
Description-el.UTF-8: Τοποθετήστε το CD-ROM του Ubuntu
 Παρακαλώ, βεβαιωθείτε ότι έχετε
 τοποθετήσει το CD-ROM του Ubuntu για τη
 συνέχιση της εγκατάστασης.
Description-es.UTF-8: Inserte un CD-ROM de Ubuntu
 Por favor, asegúrese de que ha insertado el CD-ROM de Ubuntu para
 continuar con la instalación.
Description-fr.UTF-8: Insérez un cédérom Ubuntu
 Veuillez vous assurer que vous avez inséré le cédérom d'Ubuntu pour
 continuer l'installation.
Description-gl.UTF-8: Inserte o CD-ROM de Ubuntu
 Por favor, verifique que insertou o CD-ROM de Ubuntu para seguir coa
 instalación
Description-hu.UTF-8: Helyezzen be egy Ubuntu CD-ROM-ot
 A telepítés folytatásához győződjön meg róla, hogy az Ubuntu
 CD-ROM-ot helyezte be.
Description-id.UTF-8: Masukkan CD-ROM Ubuntu 
 Pastikan bahwa anda telah memasukkan CD-ROM Ubuntu untuk melanjutkan
 instalasi.
Description-it.UTF-8: Inserire il CD-ROM Ubuntu
 Assicurarsi di avere inserito il CD-ROM Ubuntu per procedere con
 l'installazione.
Description-ja.UTF-8: Ubuntu CD-ROM を挿入してください。
 インストールを続けるために Ubuntu CD-ROM
 を挿入していることを確認してください。
Description-nb.UTF-8: Sett inn en Ubuntu CD
 Sjekk om du har satt inn Ubuntu CD-en før du fortsetter med
 installasjonen.
Description-nl.UTF-8: Ubuntu CD in het CD-station plaatsen
 De Ubuntu CD dient in het CD-station geplaatst te zijn voor u met de
 installatie verder gaat, heeft u hiervoor gezorgd?
Description-nn.UTF-8: Set inn ein Ubuntu CD
 Forsikra deg om at du har sett inn Ubuntu CDROM-en for å halda fram med
 installasjonen.
Description-no.UTF-8: Sett inn en Ubuntu CD
 Sjekk om du har satt inn Ubuntu CD-en før du fortsetter med
 installasjonen.
Description-pl.UTF-8: Włóż płytę CD Ubuntu
 Zanim przejdziesz dalej, upewnij się, że została włożona startowa
 płyta CD Ubuntu.
Description-pt.UTF-8: Insira o CD-ROM Ubuntu.
 Por favor verifique se inseriu o CD-ROM Ubuntu para continuar a
 instalação.
Description-pt_BR.UTF-8: Insira um CD-ROM Ubuntu
 Por favor, certifique-se de ter inserido o CD-ROM do Ubuntu para continuar
 com a instalação.
Description-ro.UTF-8: Introduceţi CD-ul Ubuntu
 Vă rugăm să vă asiguraţi că aţi introdus CD-ul Ubuntu, pentru a
 continua instalarea.
Description-sk.UTF-8: Vložte CD s Ubuntu
 Skontrolujte, či ste vložili CD s Ubuntu, aby ste mohli pokračovať v
 inštalácii.
Description-sv.UTF-8: Sätt in Ubuntus cd-rom
 Se till att du har satt in Ubuntus cd-rom för att fortsätta med
 installationen.
Description-xh.UTF-8: Fakela i-CD-ROM ye-Ubuntu
 Nceda uqinisekise ukuba ufakele i-CD-ROM ye-Ubuntu khon'ukuze uqhubeka
 nokuseka inkqubo.

Template: cdrom-checker/progress_title
Type: text
Description: Checking CD-ROM integrity
Description-ar.UTF-8: جاري فحص تكامل القرص المدمج
Description-bg.UTF-8: Проверка на целостта на компактдиска
Description-bs.UTF-8: Provjeravam ispravnost CD-ROM-a
Description-ca.UTF-8: S'està comprovant la integritat del CD-ROM
Description-cs.UTF-8: Kontrola integrity CD-ROM
Description-cy.UTF-8: Yn gwirio cywirdeb y CD-ROM
Description-da.UTF-8: Tjekker cdrommens integritet
Description-de.UTF-8: Überprüfe CD-ROM Integrität
Description-el.UTF-8: Έλεγχος της ακεραιότητας του CD-ROM
Description-es.UTF-8: Comprobación de la integridad del CD-ROM
Description-eu.UTF-8: CD-ROM integritatea egiaztatzen
Description-fa.UTF-8: آزمایش صحت سی‌دی
Description-fi.UTF-8: Tarkistetaan rompun eheyttä
Description-fr.UTF-8: Contrôle de l'intégrité du(des) cédérom(s)
Description-gl.UTF-8: Comprobando a integridade do CD-ROM
Description-he.UTF-8: בודק את תקינות ה-CD
Description-hr.UTF-8: Provjeravam potpunost CD-ROM-a
Description-hu.UTF-8: CD-ROM épségének ellenőrzése
Description-id.UTF-8: Menguji keutuhan CD-ROM
Description-it.UTF-8: Verifica dell'integrità del CD-ROM in corso
Description-ja.UTF-8: CD-ROM の完全性をチェックしています
Description-ko.UTF-8: CD-ROM의 내용을 확인하는 중입니다
Description-lt.UTF-8: Kompaktinio disko vientisumo tikrinimas
Description-lv.UTF-8: Pārbaudu CD integritāti
Description-nb.UTF-8: Sjekker CD-en
Description-nl.UTF-8: CD wordt op mogelijke fouten gecontroleerd
Description-nn.UTF-8: Sjekkar CD-en
Description-no.UTF-8: Sjekker CD-en
Description-pl.UTF-8: Sprawdzanie integralności płyty CD
Description-pt.UTF-8: A verificar a integridade do CD-ROM.
Description-pt_BR.UTF-8: Checando integridade do CD-ROM
Description-ro.UTF-8: Se verifică integritatea CD-ului
Description-ru.UTF-8: Проверка целостности компакт-диска
Description-sk.UTF-8: Kontrola integrity CD
Description-sl.UTF-8: Preverjam veljavnost CD-ROM-a
Description-sq.UTF-8: Duke kontrolluar tërësinë e CD-ROM-it
Description-sv.UTF-8: Kontrollerar integriteten på cd-rom:en
Description-tr.UTF-8: CD-ROM doğrulanıyor
Description-uk.UTF-8: Перевірка цілісності CD-ROM
Description-xh.UTF-8: Ivavanya imfezeko ye-CD-ROM
Description-zh_CN.UTF-8: 正在检测光盘的完整性
Description-zh_TW.UTF-8: 正在檢驗光碟的完整性

Template: cdrom-checker/progress_step
Type: text
Description: Checking file: ${FILE}
Description-ar.UTF-8: جاري فحص الملف: ${FILE}
Description-bg.UTF-8: Проверка на файл: ${FILE}
Description-bs.UTF-8: Provjeravam datoteku: ${FILE}
Description-ca.UTF-8: S'està comprovant el fitxer: ${FILE}
Description-cs.UTF-8: Kontrola souboru: ${FILE}
Description-cy.UTF-8: Yn gwirio ffeil: ${FILE}
Description-da.UTF-8: Tjekker filen: ${FILE}
Description-de.UTF-8: Überprüfe Datei: ${FILE}
Description-el.UTF-8: Έλεγχος του αρχείου: ${FILE}
Description-es.UTF-8: Comprobación del fichero: ${FILE}
Description-eu.UTF-8: Fitxategia egiaztatzen: ${FILE}
Description-fa.UTF-8: آژمایش فایل ${FILE}
Description-fi.UTF-8: Tarkistetaan tiedosto: ${FILE}
Description-fr.UTF-8: Contrôle du fichier : ${FILE}
Description-gl.UTF-8: Comprobando o ficheiro ${FILE}
Description-he.UTF-8: בודק את הקובץ: ${FILE}
Description-hr.UTF-8: Provjeravam datoteku: ${FILE}
Description-hu.UTF-8: Fájl ellenőrzése: ${FILE}
Description-id.UTF-8: Menguji berkas: ${FILE}
Description-it.UTF-8: Verifica del file: $(FILE)
Description-ja.UTF-8: ファイルをチェックしています: ${FILE}
Description-ko.UTF-8: 파일 검사: ${FILE}
Description-lt.UTF-8: Tikrinamas failas: ${FILE}
Description-lv.UTF-8: Pārbaudu failu: ${FILE}
Description-nb.UTF-8: Sjekker fil: ${FILE}
Description-nl.UTF-8: Het bestand ${FILE} wordt op mogelijke fouten gecontroleerd
Description-nn.UTF-8: Sjekkar fil: ${FILE}
Description-no.UTF-8: Sjekker fil: ${FILE}
Description-pl.UTF-8: Sprawdzanie pliku: ${FILE}
Description-pt.UTF-8: A verificar o ficheiro ${FILE}
Description-pt_BR.UTF-8: Checando arquivo : ${FILE}
Description-ro.UTF-8: Se verifică fişierul: ${FILE}
Description-ru.UTF-8: Проверка файла: ${FILE}
Description-sk.UTF-8: Kontrola súboru: ${FILE}
Description-sl.UTF-8: Preverjam datoteko ${FILE}
Description-sq.UTF-8: Duke kontrolluar file ${FILE}
Description-sv.UTF-8: Kontrollerar fil: ${FILE}
Description-tr.UTF-8: Dosya kontrol ediliyor: ${FILE}
Description-uk.UTF-8: Перевірка файлу: ${FILE}
Description-xh.UTF-8: Ivavanya ifayili: ${FILE}
Description-zh_CN.UTF-8: 检测文件：${FILE}
Description-zh_TW.UTF-8: 正在檢驗檔案：${FILE}

Template: debian-installer/cdrom-checker/title
Type: text
Description: Check the CD-ROM(s) integrity
Description-ar.UTF-8: افحص تكامل الأقراص المدمجة
Description-bg.UTF-8: Проверка на целостта на компактдиск(овете)
Description-bs.UTF-8: Provjeri ispravnost CD-ROM-a
Description-ca.UTF-8: Comprova la integritat dels CD-ROM
Description-cs.UTF-8: Zkontrolovat integritu CD-ROM(ů)
Description-cy.UTF-8: Gwirio cywirdeb y CD-ROM(au)
Description-da.UTF-8: Tjek cdrommens integritet
Description-de.UTF-8: CD-ROM(s) überprüfen
Description-el.UTF-8: Έλεγχος της ακεραιότητας του CD-ROM
Description-es.UTF-8: Comprobar la integridad del CD-ROM
Description-eu.UTF-8: CD-ROM(en) integritatea egiaztatu
Description-fa.UTF-8: آزمایش صحت سی‌دی(ها)
Description-fi.UTF-8: Rompun/romppujen eheystarkistus
Description-fr.UTF-8: Contrôler l'intégrité du(des) cédérom(s)
Description-gl.UTF-8: Comprobe a integridade do(s) CD-ROM(s)
Description-he.UTF-8: בדוק תקינות של דיסק/ים
Description-hr.UTF-8: Provjeri potpunost CD-ROM-ova
Description-hu.UTF-8: Egy (vagy több) CD-ROM épségének ellenőrzése
Description-id.UTF-8: Uji keutuhan CD-ROM
Description-it.UTF-8: Verifica integrità CD-ROM
Description-ja.UTF-8: CD-ROM の完全性チェック
Description-ko.UTF-8: CD-ROM의 내용 확인
Description-lt.UTF-8: Kompaktinio disko(ų) tikrinimas
Description-lv.UTF-8: Pārbaudīt CD integritāti
Description-nb.UTF-8: Sjekk CD-en(e)
Description-nl.UTF-8: CD(s) op mogelijke fouten controleren
Description-nn.UTF-8: Sjekk integriteten til CDROM-en
Description-no.UTF-8: Sjekk CD-en(e)
Description-pl.UTF-8: Sprawdź integralność płyt(y) CD
Description-pt.UTF-8: Verificar integridade do(s) CD-ROM(s)
Description-pt_BR.UTF-8: Checar a integridade do(s) CD-ROM(s)
Description-ro.UTF-8: Verifică integritatea CD-ului (-urilor)
Description-ru.UTF-8: Проверка целостности компакт-диска(ов)
Description-sk.UTF-8: Skontrolovať integritu CD
Description-sl.UTF-8: Preverjam veljavnost CD-ROM-a
Description-sq.UTF-8: Kontrollo tërësinë e CD-ROM-it/ëve
Description-sv.UTF-8: Kontrollera cd-rom-integriteten
Description-tr.UTF-8: CD-ROM doğrula
Description-uk.UTF-8: Перевірити цілісність CD-ROM
Description-xh.UTF-8: Vavanya imfezeko (yee) CD-ROM
Description-zh_CN.UTF-8: 检测光盘的完整性
Description-zh_TW.UTF-8: 檢驗光碟的完整性
