Template: partman-auto/progress/title
Type: text
Description: Please wait...
Description-ar.UTF-8: رجاءً انتظر...
Description-bg.UTF-8: Моля, почакайте...
Description-bs.UTF-8: Molim pričekajte...
Description-ca.UTF-8: Si us plau, espereu...
Description-cs.UTF-8: Prosím čekejte...
Description-cy.UTF-8: Arhoswch os gwelwch yn dda...
Description-da.UTF-8: Vent venligst...
Description-de.UTF-8: Bitte warten...
Description-el.UTF-8: Παρακαλώ περιμένετε...
Description-es.UTF-8: Espere por favor...
Description-eu.UTF-8: Itxoin mesedez...
Description-fa.UTF-8: لطفا صبر کنید...
Description-fi.UTF-8: Odota...
Description-fr.UTF-8: Veuillez patienter...
Description-gl.UTF-8: Por favor, agarde...
Description-he.UTF-8: אנא המתן...
Description-hr.UTF-8: Molim pričekajte...
Description-hu.UTF-8: Legyen türelemmel...
Description-id.UTF-8: Silakan tunggu...
Description-it.UTF-8: Attendere
Description-ja.UTF-8: しばらくお待ちください...
Description-ko.UTF-8: 잠시 기다리십시오...
Description-lt.UTF-8: Lukterėkite...
Description-nb.UTF-8: Vent litt ...
Description-nl.UTF-8: Even geduld...
Description-nn.UTF-8: Vent litt ...
Description-no.UTF-8: Vent litt ...
Description-pl.UTF-8: Proszę czekać...
Description-pt.UTF-8: Por favor aguarde...
Description-pt_BR.UTF-8: Por favor, aguarde...
Description-ro.UTF-8: Vă rugăm să aşteptaţi...
Description-ru.UTF-8: Подождите...
Description-sk.UTF-8: Čakajte, prosím...
Description-sl.UTF-8: Prosim, počakajte...
Description-sq.UTF-8: Të lutem prit...
Description-sv.UTF-8: Vänta...
Description-tr.UTF-8: Lütfen bekleyin...
Description-uk.UTF-8: Зачекайте, будь ласка...
Description-zh_CN.UTF-8: 请稍候...
Description-zh_TW.UTF-8: 請稍候...

Template: partman-auto/progress/info
Type: text
Description: Computing the new partitions...
Description-ar.UTF-8: جاري حساب التّجزئات الجديدة...
Description-bg.UTF-8: Пресмятане на новите дялове...
Description-bs.UTF-8: Računam nove particije...
Description-ca.UTF-8: S'estan computant les noves particions...
Description-cs.UTF-8: Vypočítávají se nové oblasti...
Description-cy.UTF-8: Yn cyfrifo'r rhaniadau newydd...
Description-da.UTF-8: Beregner de nye partitioner...
Description-de.UTF-8: Errechne die neuen Partitionen...
Description-el.UTF-8: Υπολογισμός των νέων τμημάτων...
Description-es.UTF-8: Calculando las nuevas particiones...
Description-eu.UTF-8: Partizio berriak kalkulatzen...
Description-fa.UTF-8: در حال محاسبه‌ی پارتیشن جدید...
Description-fi.UTF-8: Lasketaan uusien levyosioiden koot...
Description-fr.UTF-8: Calcul des nouvelles partitions...
Description-gl.UTF-8: Calculando as novas particións...
Description-he.UTF-8: מחשב את המחיצות החדשות...
Description-hr.UTF-8: Određujem nove particije...
Description-hu.UTF-8: Új partíciók meghatározása...
Description-id.UTF-8: Menghitung kapasitas partisi-partisi baru...
Description-it.UTF-8: Calcolo delle nuove partizioni in corso
Description-ja.UTF-8: 新しいパーティションを計算しています...
Description-ko.UTF-8: 새로 만들 파티션을 계산하는 중입니다...
Description-lt.UTF-8: Apskaičiuojami nauji disko skirsniai...
Description-nb.UTF-8: Beregner de nye partisjonene ...
Description-nl.UTF-8: Nieuwe partities worden berekend...
Description-nn.UTF-8: Set opp dei nye partisjonane ...
Description-no.UTF-8: Beregner de nye partisjonene ...
Description-pl.UTF-8: Obliczanie nowych partycji...
Description-pt.UTF-8: Processando as novas partições...
Description-pt_BR.UTF-8: Computando as novas partições...
Description-ro.UTF-8: Se calculează partiţiile noi...
Description-ru.UTF-8: Просчёт новых разделов...
Description-sk.UTF-8: Vypočítavajú sa nové oblasti...
Description-sl.UTF-8: Računanje novih razdelkov...
Description-sq.UTF-8: Duke llogaritur ndarjet e reja...
Description-sv.UTF-8: Beräknar de nya partitionerna...
Description-tr.UTF-8: Yeni bölümler hesaplanıyor...
Description-uk.UTF-8: Обрахунок нових розділів...
Description-zh_CN.UTF-8: 正在估算新分区...
Description-zh_TW.UTF-8: 正在計算新的分割區...

Template: partman-auto/no_recipe
Type: error
Description: Failed to partition the selected disk
 This probably happened because the selected disk or free space is too
 small to be automatically partitioned.
Description-ar.UTF-8: فشلت تجزئة القرص المنتقى
 حدث هذا على الأرجح لأن القرص المنتقى أو
 المساحة المتاحة صغيران على أن تتم
 تجزئتهما آليّاً.
Description-bg.UTF-8: Грешка при разделяне на избрания диск
 Това вероятно се е случило, защото
 избраният диск или свободното
 пространство са твърде малки, за да
 бъдат автоматично разделени.
Description-bs.UTF-8: Nemogu particionisati odabrani disk
 Ovo se vjerovatno dogodilo zato što je odabrani disk ili slobodni prostor
 premali da bi se automatski particionisao.
Description-ca.UTF-8: No s'ha pogut particionar el disc seleccionat
 Probablement això ha ocorregut perque el disc o espai lliure seleccionat
 és massa petit per a ser particionat automàticament.
Description-cs.UTF-8: Selhalo rozdělení vybraného disku
 Možná se to stalo proto, že vybraný disk nebo volné místo je
 příliš malé pro automatické rozdělení.
Description-cy.UTF-8: Methwyd rhaniadu'r disg a ddewiswyd
 Mae'n debyg digwyddodd hyn oherwydd mae'r disg neu ofod rhydd a ddewiswyd
 yn rhy fach i'w rhaniadu'n awtomatig.
Description-da.UTF-8: Kunne ikke partitionere den valgte disk
 Dette skete sandsynligvis fordi den valgte disk eller den valgte frie
 plads er for lille til automatisk partitionering.
Description-de.UTF-8: Die gewählte Partition konnte nicht formatiert werden.
 Vermutlich ist die ausgewählte Festplatte oder der ausgewählte freie
 Speicher nicht groß genug, um automatisch partitioniert zu werden.
Description-el.UTF-8: Αποτυχία κατάτμησης του επιλεγμένου δίσκου
 Αυτό πιθανόν συνέβη διότι ο επιλεγμένος
 δίσκος ή διαθέσιμος χώρος δεν έχουν το
 απαραίτητο μέγεθος για αυτόματη
 κατάτμηση.
Description-es.UTF-8: Falló el particionado en el disco seleccionado:
 Esto sucedió posiblemente porque o bien el disco escogido o bien el
 espacio libre es demasiado pequeño para ser particionado de forma
 automática.
Description-eu.UTF-8: Huts aukeratutako diska partitzerakoan
 Hau ziurrenik aukeratutako diska edo leku librea automatikoki partitzeko
 txikiegia delako da.
Description-fa.UTF-8: پارتیشن‌بندی دیسک انتخاب شده شکست خورد
 این اتفاق احتمالا به خاطر این اتفاق
 افتاده است که دیسک یا فضای انتخاب شده
 برای پارتیشن شدن خودکار خیلی کوچک است.
Description-fi.UTF-8: Valitun levyn osiointi ei onnistunut
 Luultavimmin näin kävi koska valittu levy tai vapaa tila on liian pieni
 automaattisesti osioitavaksi.
Description-fr.UTF-8: Échec du partitionnement du disque choisi
 Le disque ou l'espace disponible sont probablement trop petits pour que le
 partitionnement automatique puisse fonctionner.
Description-gl.UTF-8: Non se puido particionar o disco seleccionado
 Seguramente isto ocorreu porque o disco ou espacio seleccionado é pequeno
 de máis para o particionamento automático.
Description-he.UTF-8: כשלון בחלוקת הדיסק הנבחר למחיצות
 זה כנראה קרה כי בחרת דיסק או מקום פנוי
 הקטנים מדי לחלוקה אוטומטית למחיצות
Description-hr.UTF-8: Particioniranje izabranog diska neuspjelo
 To se dogodilo vjerojatno zato što su izabrani disk ili slobodan prostor
 premali za automatsko particioniranje.
Description-hu.UTF-8: A kiválasztott lemez partícionálása sikertelenül zárult
 Valószínű ok: a kiválasztott meghajtó vagy szabad hely túl kicsi az
 automatikus partícionáláshoz.
Description-id.UTF-8: Gagal memartisi hard disk yang telah dipilih
 Hal ini terjadi mungkin disebabkan karena hard disk atau ruang kosong yang
 dipilih terlalu kecil ukurannya untuk dapat dipartisi secara otomatis.
Description-it.UTF-8: Partizionamento del disco selezionato fallito
 Questo probabilmente è accaduto perché il disco selezionato o lo spazio
 libero è troppo piccolo per essere partizionato automaticamente.
Description-ja.UTF-8: 選択されたディスクのパーティショニングに失敗しました
 これはおそらく、選択されたディスクまたは空き領域が自動的にパーティショニングするには小さすぎるために起きたのでしょう。
Description-ko.UTF-8: 선택한 디스크를 파티션하는 데 실패했습니다
 선택한 드라이브나 남은 공간이 너무 작기 때문에 자동
 파티션이 실패했을 것입니다.
Description-lt.UTF-8: Pasirinkto disko dalijimas nepavyko
 Galbūt tai atsitiko todėl, kad pasirinktas diskas ar laisva vieta yra
 per maži automatiniam dalijimui skirsniais.
Description-nb.UTF-8: Klarte ikke å partisjonere den valgte harddisken
 Dette skjedde sannsynligvis fordi den harddisken eller det området som
 ble valgt er for lite(n) eller har for lite ledig plass til å bli
 partisjonert automatisk.
Description-nl.UTF-8: Indelen van de uitgekozen schijf is mislukt
 Dit werd waarschijnlijk veroorzaakt doordat de geselecteerde schijf/vrije
 ruimte te klein is voor de automatische indeling.
Description-nn.UTF-8: Klarte ikkje partisjonera den valde disken
 Dette skjedde truleg fordi den valde disken eller det ledige området er
 for lite til å bli automatisk partisjonert.
Description-no.UTF-8: Klarte ikke å partisjonere den valgte harddisken
 Dette skjedde sannsynligvis fordi den harddisken eller det området som
 ble valgt er for lite(n) eller har for lite ledig plass til å bli
 partisjonert automatisk.
Description-pl.UTF-8: Nie udało się spartycjonować wybranego dysku
 Stało się to prawdopodobnie dlatego, że wybrany napęd lub wolna
 przestrzeń jest zbyt mała do automatycznego partycjonowania.
Description-pt.UTF-8: Falhou o particionamento do disco seleccionado
 Isto provavelmente aconteceu porque o disco seleccionado ou o espaço
 livre são muito pequenos para serem particionados automaticamente.
Description-pt_BR.UTF-8: Falha ao particionar o disco selecionado
 Isso provavelmente ocorreu devido ao disco ou o espaço livre selecionado
 ser muito pequeno para ser particionado automaticamente.
Description-ro.UTF-8: Eşec la partiţionarea discului selectat
 Aceasta s-a întâmplat, probabil, deoarece discul sau spaţiul liber
 selectat este prea mic pentru a fi partiţionat automat.
Description-ru.UTF-8: Не удалось разбить выбранный диск
 Это произошло скорее всего из-за того,
 что на указанном вами жёстком диске или
 в указанном свободном участке жёсткого
 диска недостаточно места для
 авто-разбивки.
Description-sk.UTF-8: Pri rozdeľovaní zvoleného disku došlo k chybe
 Možno sa to stalo kvôli tomu, že na zvolenom disku alebo voľnom
 priestore je príliš málo miesta na automatické rozdelenie.
Description-sl.UTF-8: Nisem uspel razdeliti izrabnega diska
 Do napake je verjetno prišlo, ker je izbran pogon ali nezaseden prostor
 premajhen za samodejno razdeljevanje.
Description-sq.UTF-8: Dështoi në ndarjen e diskut të zgjedhur
 Kjo ndoshta ndodhi ngaqë disku apo hapësira e zgjedhur është shumë e
 vogël për tu ndarë automatikisht.
Description-sv.UTF-8: Misslyckades att partitionera den valda hårddisken
 Detta skedde förmodligen för att den valda hårddisken eller det lediga
 utrymmet är för litet för att partitioneras automatiskt.
Description-tr.UTF-8: Seçilen disk başarıyla bölümlenemedi
 Bunun nedeni büyük ihtimalle otomatik bölümleme için seçilen disk
 veya boş alanın çok küçük olmasıdır.
Description-uk.UTF-8: Не вдалося розбити вибраний диск
 Це сталося скоріше за все через те, що
 вибраний диск або вільний простір
 занадто малі для автоматичної розбивки.
Description-zh_CN.UTF-8: 对所选磁盘分区失败
 可能是因为被选的驱动器或空闲空间太小，以至于无法进行自动分区。
Description-zh_TW.UTF-8: 無法分割所選定的磁碟。
 發生原因或許是因為所指定的磁碟或未使用空間太小了，以至於無法進行自動磁碟分割。

Template: partman-auto/autopartitioning_failed
Type: error
Description: Failed to partition the selected disk
 This probably happened because there are too many (primary) partitions in
 the partition table.
Description-ar.UTF-8: فشلت تجزئة القرص المنتقى
 حدث هذا على الأرجح بسبب وجود الكثير من
 التّجزئات (الأوّليّة) في جدول التّجزئة.
Description-bg.UTF-8: Грешка при разделяне на избрания диск
 Вероятно причината е, че има твърде
 много главни (primary) дялове в таблицата с
 дяловете.
Description-bs.UTF-8: Nemogu particionisati odabrani disk
 Ovo se vjerovatno dogodilo zato što ima previše (primarnih) particija u
 particionoj tabeli.
Description-ca.UTF-8: No s'ha pogut particionar el disc seleccionat
 Probablement això ha ocorregut perque hi ha massa particions (primàries)
 en la taula de particions.
Description-cs.UTF-8: Selhalo rozdělení vybraného disku
 Možná se to stalo kvůli tomu, že v tabulce oblastí existuje příliš
 mnoho (primárních) oblastí.
Description-cy.UTF-8: Methwyd rhaniadu'r disg a ddewiswyd
 Mae'n debyg digwyddodd hyn oherwydd mae gormod o rhaniadau (cynradd) yn y
 tabl rhaniadau.
Description-da.UTF-8: Kunne ikke partitionere den valgte disk
 Dette skyldes sandsynligvis at der er for mange (primære) partitioner i
 partitionstabellen.
Description-de.UTF-8: Die gewählte Partition konnte nicht formatiert werden.
 Vermutlich haben Sie zu viele (primäre) Partitionen in Ihrer
 Partitionstabelle.
Description-el.UTF-8: Αποτυχία κατάτμησης του επιλεγμένου δίσκου
 Αυτό πιθανόν συνέβη διότι υπάρχουν
 πολλά (πρωτεύοντα) τμήματα στον πίνακα
 τμημάτων.
Description-es.UTF-8: Falló el particionado en el disco seleccionado:
 Esto sucedió posiblemente porque hay demasiadas particiones (primarias)
 en la tabla de particiones.
Description-eu.UTF-8: Huts aukeratutako diska partitzerakoan
 Hau ziurrenik partizio taulan partizio (primario) geihegi daudelako da.
Description-fa.UTF-8: پارتیشن‌بندی دیسک انتخاب شده شکست خورد
 این اتفاق احتمالا به علت تعدد
 پارتیشن‌ّای اولیه بر روی دیسک رخ داده
 است.
Description-fi.UTF-8: Valitun levyn osiointi ei onnistunut
 Luultavimmin näin kävi koska levyn osiotaulussa on liian monta
 (ensisijaista eli primary) osiota.
Description-fr.UTF-8: Échec du partitionnement du disque choisi
 Cet échec est probablement dû à un nombre trop important de partitions
 primaires dans la table de partitions.
Description-gl.UTF-8: Non se puido particionar o disco seleccionado
 Seguramente isco ocorreu porque hai demasiadas particións (primarias) na
 táboa de particións.
Description-he.UTF-8: כשלון בחלוקת הדיסק הנבחר למחיצות
 זה כנראה קרה כי יש יותר מידי מחיצות
 (ראשיות) בטבלת המחיצות
Description-hr.UTF-8: Particioniranje izabranog diska neuspjelo
 To se dogodilo vjerojatno zato što ima previše (primarnih) particija u
 particijskoj tablici.
Description-hu.UTF-8: A kiválasztott lemez partícionálása sikertelenül zárult
 Valószínű ok: a partíciós táblában túl sok (elsődleges)
 partíció szerepel.
Description-id.UTF-8: Gagal memartisi hard disk yang telah dipilih
 Hal ini mungkin terjadi karena terlalu banyak partisi (primer) pada tabel
 partisi.
Description-it.UTF-8: Partizionamento del disco selezionato fallito
 Questo probabilmente è accaduto perché ci sono troppe partizioni
 primarie nella tabella delle partizioni.
Description-ja.UTF-8: 選択されたディスクのパーティショニングに失敗しました
 おそらく、多すぎる (基本)
 パーティションがパーティションテーブルにあるために起きたのでしょう。
Description-ko.UTF-8: 선택한 디스크를 파티션하는 데 실패했습니다
 파티션 테이블에 (프라이머리) 파티션이 너무 많기
 때문에 실패했을 것입니다.
Description-lt.UTF-8: Pasirinkto disko dalijimas nepavyko
 Galbūt tai atsitiko todėl, kad disko skirsnių lentelėje yra per daug
 (pirminių) skirsnių.
Description-nb.UTF-8: Klarte ikke å partisjonere den valgte harddisken
 Dette skjedde sannsynligvis fordi det er for mange (primære) partisjoner
 i partisjonstabellen.
Description-nl.UTF-8: Indelen van de uitgekozen schijf is mislukt
 De oorzaak hiervan is waarschijnlijk dat er teveel (primaire) partities
 aanwezig zijn in de schijfindelingstabel.
Description-nn.UTF-8: Klarte ikkje partisjonera den valde disken
 Dette skjedde truleg fordi det er for mange (primære) partisjonar i
 partisjonstabellen.
Description-no.UTF-8: Klarte ikke å partisjonere den valgte harddisken
 Dette skjedde sannsynligvis fordi det er for mange (primære) partisjoner
 i partisjonstabellen.
Description-pl.UTF-8: Nie udało się spartycjonować wybranego dysku
 Prawdopodobnie stało się to dlatego, że jest za wiele
 (podstawowych)partycji w tablicy partycji.
Description-pt.UTF-8: Falhou o particionamento do disco seleccionado
 Isto provavelmente aconteceu porque existem muitas partições
 (primárias) na tabela de partições.
Description-pt_BR.UTF-8: Falha ao particionar o disco selecionado
 Isso provavelmente aconteceu devido a existirem muitas partições
 (primárias) na tabela de partições.
Description-ro.UTF-8: Eşec la partiţionarea discului selectat
 Aceasta s-a întâmplat probabil deoarece sunt prea multe partiţii
 (primare) în tabela de partiţii.
Description-ru.UTF-8: Не удалось разбить выбранный диск
 Это произошло скорее всего из-за того,
 что в таблице разделов слишком много
 (первичных) разделов.
Description-sk.UTF-8: Pri rozdeľovaní zvoleného disku došlo k chybe
 Možno sa to stalo kvôli tomu, že v tabuľke oblastí (partition table)
 existuje príliš veľa (primárnych) oblastí.
Description-sl.UTF-8: Nisem uspel razdeliti izrabnega diska
 Do napake je verjetno prišlo, ker je preveč (primarnih) razdelkov v
 tabeli razdelkov.
Description-sq.UTF-8: Dështoi në ndarjen e diskut të zgjedhur
 Kjo ndodhi ngaqë ndoshta ka shumë ndarje parësore në tabelën e
 ndarjes.
Description-sv.UTF-8: Misslyckades att partitionera den valda hårddisken
 Detta skedde förmodligen för att det finns för många (primära)
 partitioner i partitionstabellen.
Description-tr.UTF-8: Seçilen disk başarıyla bölümlenemedi
 Bunun nedeni büyük ihtimalle bölümleme tablosunda çok sayıda
 (birincil) bölüm olmasıdır.
Description-uk.UTF-8: Не вдалося розбити вибраний диск
 Це сталося скоріше за все через те, що в
 таблиці розділів занадто багато
 (первинних) розділів.
Description-zh_CN.UTF-8: 对所选磁盘分区失败
 可能是因为分区表中存在过多(主)分区。
Description-zh_TW.UTF-8: 無法分割所選定的磁碟。
 這或許是因為在磁碟分割表中有過多的 (主) 分割區。

Template: partman-auto/init_automatically_partition
Type: select
Choices: ${CHOICES}
Description: Partitioning method:
 This installer can guide you through partitioning a disk for use by
 Ubuntu, or if you prefer, you can do it manually. If you do choose to
 use the guided partitioning tool, you will still have a chance later to
 see the results, customise it, and even undo the partitioning if you do
 not like it.
Description-bg.UTF-8: Начин за разделяне:
 Този инсталатор може автоматично да
 разделя диск за ползване от Ubuntu, но ако
 предпочитате, можете да направите това и
 ръчно. Ако изберете автоматичното
 разделяне на устройство, ще можете
 по-късно да видите резултата и да го
 донастроите, включително и да се
 откажете от предложеното разделяне.
Description-ca.UTF-8: Mètode de particionat:
 Aquest instal·lador pot guiar-vos a través del particionat d'un disc per
 a que es puga usar amb Ubuntu, o, si ho preferiu, podeu fer-ho manualment.
 Si decidiu utilitzar l'eina de particionat guiat, encara tindreu
 l'oportunitat de veure els resultats, personalitzar-los i inclús desfer
 el particionat si no vos agrada.
Description-cy.UTF-8: Dull rhaniadu:
 Gall y sefydlydd hwn eich arwain drwy rhaniadu disg er mwyn ei ddefnyddio
 gyda Ubuntu yn awtomatig, neu os hoffech, gallwch ei wneud e â llaw. Os
 ydych chi'n dewis defnyddio'r teclyn rhaniadu arweiniedig, cewch gyfle yn
 hwyrach i weld y canlyniadau, eu addasu nhw, a hyd yn oed datwneud y
 rhaniadu os nad ydych chi'n ei hoffi.
Description-da.UTF-8: Partitioneringsmetode:
 Dette installationsprogram kan guide dig gennem partitioneringen af en
 disk til brug under Ubuntu. Du kan også vælge at gøre det selv. Hvis du
 vælger det guidede partitioneringsværktøj, vil du stadig få chance for
 senere at gennemse resultatet og tilrette det eller ligefrem fortryde
 partitioneringen, hvis du ikke synes om den.
Description-de.UTF-8: Wie soll partitioniert werden?
 Dieser Installer beinhaltet einen Assistenten, der Ihnen helfen kann, Ihre
 Festplatte für Ubuntu einzuteilen. Wenn Sie möchten, können Sie dies
 auch von Hand tun. Wählen Sie den Assistenten, können Sie später die
 Einteilung einsehen, anpassen oder die Partitionierung rückgängig
 machen.
Description-el.UTF-8: Μέθοδος κατάτμησης:
 Το πρόγραμμα εγκατάστασης μπορεί να σας
 οδηγήσει κατά την κατάτμηση ενός δίσκου
 για χρήση στο Ubuntu, ή αν προτιμάτε
 μπορείτε να τον κατατμήσετε
 χειροκίνητα. Αν επιλέξετε τον οδηγό
 κατάτμησης, και πάλι έχετε τη δυνατότητα
 να δείτε τα αποτελέσματα της κατάτμησης,
 να την παραμετροποιήσετε και ακόμη και
 να επαναφέρετε το δίσκο στην
 προηγούμενη κατάστασή του.
Description-es.UTF-8: Método de particionado:
 Este instalador puede guiarle en el particionado del disco para que la
 utilice Ubuntu o, si lo desea, puede hacerlo de forma manual. Si escoge el
 sistema de particionado guiado tendrá la oportunidad de ver los
 resultados, adaptarlos e incluso deshacer el particionado si no le gusta.
Description-eu.UTF-8: Partitze metodoa:
 Instalatzaileak automatikoki Ubuntu erabiltzeko diska partitu dezake, edo
 nahiago bazenu, zuk eskuz egin dezakezu.: Automatikoki egitea aukeratzen
 baduzu emaitzak ikusi aldatu eta hala nahi izan ezkero aldatu edo
 partitzea desegiteko aukera izango duzu.
Description-fi.UTF-8: Levyn osiontitapa:
 Asennin opastaa levyosioiden teossa Ubuntun käyttöön tai halutessasi
 voit tehdä ne itse. Vaikka valitset opastetun levyosioiden teon, voit
 silti myöhemmin nähtyäsi osiot, muokata niitä ja jopa perua osioinnin
 jos et pidä siitä.
Description-fr.UTF-8: Méthode de partitionnement :
 Cet outil d'installation peut vous assister pour le partitionnement d'un
 disque dans le but d'y installer Ubuntu. Vous pouvez également effectuer
 ce partitionnement vous-même. Si vous choisissez le partitionnement
 assisté, vous aurez la possibilité de vérifier les choix effectués, de
 les personnaliser ou même de les abandonner s'ils ne vous conviennent
 pas.
Description-gl.UTF-8: Método de particionamento:
 Este instalador pode guialo polo particionamento dun disco para empregar
 Ubuntu, ou se o prefire, pode facelo manualmente. Se desexa empregar a
 ferramenta de particionamento guiado ha ter despois unha oportunidade para
 ver o resultado, persoalizalo e incluso desfacer o particionamento se non
 lle gosta.
Description-he.UTF-8: שיטה לחלוקה למחיצות:
 המתקין יכול להדריך אותך בזמן החלוקה
 למחיצות לשימוש של אובונטו. אם תעדיף, תוכל
 לעשות זאת באופן ידני. אם תבחר להשתמש
 באפשרות המודרכת, תוכל אחר כך לראות את
 התוצאות, לשנות אותן ואף להחזיר אותן
 לאחור, אם החלוקה לא נראית לך.
Description-hr.UTF-8: Način particioniranja:
 Program za instalaciju vas može automatski provesti kroz particioniranje
 diskova za Ubuntu, ili to možete učiniti ručno. Ako uporabite
 automatski alat, ipak ćete kasnije moći vidjeti rezultate, popraviti ih,
 pa čak i poništiti ako vam ne odgovaraju.
Description-hu.UTF-8: Partícionálási mód:
 A telepítő segítséget nyújthat egy Ubuntunak szánt meghajtó
 partícionálásában, de igény szerint ezt mindenféle segítség
 nélkül sajátkezűleg is végezheti. Ha a telepítővel segített
 partícionálást választja, utána akkor is lesz lehetősége az
 eredmény megtekintésére, testreszabására, vagy (ellenérzések
 esetén) akár visszavonására is.
Description-id.UTF-8: Metode pemartisian:
 Program instalasi ini dapat membimbing Anda memartisi hard disk untuk
 digunakan oleh Ubuntu, atau bila Anda suka, Anda dapat melakukannya secara
 manual. Jika Anda memilih alat pemartisian terpandu, Anda akan tetap
 memiliki kesempatan di lain waktu untuk melihat hasilnya, menyesuaikan,
 dan bahkan membatalkan partisi bila Anda tidak menyukai hasilnya.
Description-it.UTF-8: Metodo di partizionamento:
 Questo programma di installazione può guidare nel partizionare un disco
 per usarlo con Ubuntu o, se si preferisce, si può procedere manualmente.
 Se si sceglie di usare la procedura guidata, si potrà successivamente
 vederne i risultati, adattarli alle proprie esigenze e anche annullare
 l'operazione se non si è soddisfatti.
Description-ja.UTF-8: パーティショニングの方法:
 このインストーラは Ubuntu
 で利用するディスクをパーティショニングするのをガイドし、望むなら手動でもできます。ガイドに従ったパーティショニングツールを使うことを選んでも、あとでその結果を見る機会があり、それをカスタマイズしたり、好ましくなければパーティショニングを元に戻したりすることもできます。
Description-lt.UTF-8: Disko dalijimo metodas:
 Disko dalijimą Ubuntu galite atlikti padedami šio įdiegiklio, arba
 rankiniu būdu. Jei pasirinksite automatinį dalijimą, vėliau vistiek
 turėsite galimybę matyti, keisti, ar atšaukti Jums nepatikusį
 dalijimą.
Description-nb.UTF-8: Partisjoneringsmetode:
 Denne installereren kan lede deg gjennom partisjonering av en harddisk for
 bruk av Ubuntu, eller du kan gjøre det manuelt hvis du vil. Hvis du
 velger å bli ledet gjennom partisjoneringa, vil du likevel senere kunne
 se på resultatet, endre på det, og til og med angre partisjoneringa hvis
 du ikke er fornøyd.
Description-nl.UTF-8: Schijfindelingsmethode:
 Tenzij u verkiest om dit handmatig te doen zal het installatieproces u bij
 de schijfindelingen begeleiden. Wanneer u de begeleide schijfindeling
 kiest heeft u de mogelijkheid om de voorgestelde indeling te bekijken, aan
 te passen, en - mocht het resultaat u niet helemaal bevallen - af te
 slaan.
Description-nn.UTF-8: Partisjoneringsmetode:
 Dette installasjonsprogrammet kan leia deg gjennom partisjonering av ein
 harddisk for bruk av Ubuntu, eller du kan gjera det manuellt viss du vil.
 Viss du vel å bli leia gjennom partisjoneringa, vil du framleis ha høve
 til seinare å sjå resultatet, endra på det og til og med angra
 partisjoneringa viss du ikkje likar ho.
Description-no.UTF-8: Partisjoneringsmetode:
 Denne installereren kan lede deg gjennom partisjonering av en harddisk for
 bruk av Ubuntu, eller du kan gjøre det manuelt hvis du vil. Hvis du
 velger å bli ledet gjennom partisjoneringa, vil du likevel senere kunne
 se på resultatet, endre på det, og til og med angre partisjoneringa hvis
 du ikke er fornøyd.
Description-pl.UTF-8: Sposób partycjonowania:
 Instalator może przeprowadzić Cię przez proces partycjonowania dysku
 dla Ubuntu lub jeśli chcesz możesz tego dokonać ręcznie. Jeśli
 wybierzesz partycjonowanie z użyciem przewodnika, nadal będzie
 możliwość obejrzenia rezultatów, dostosowania ich do swoich potrzeb
 czy nawet cofnięcia partycjonowania jeśli nie będzie Ci odpowiadać.
Description-pt.UTF-8: Método de particionamento:
 Este instalador pode guia-lo através do particionamento de um disco para
 utilizar com Ubuntu, ou se preferir, pode fazê-lo manualmente. Se
 escolher utilizar a ferramenta de particionamento guiada, ainda terá a
 oportunidade de mais tarde ver os resultados, altera-los, e mesmo voltar
 atrás no particionamento se não gostar dele.
Description-pt_BR.UTF-8: Método de particionamento :
 Este instalador pode guiá-lo através do particionamento de um disco a
 ser usado pelo Ubuntu ou, caso você prefira, você pode fazê-lo
 manualmente. Caso você opte por ser guiado através do uso da ferramenta
 de particionamento, você ainda terá uma chance de ver os resultados
 posteriormente, modificá-los, e até mesmo desfazer o particionamento
 caso não concorde com o mesmo.
Description-ro.UTF-8: Metoda de partiţionare:
 Acest instaler vă poate ghida pentru a vă ajuta să partiţionaţi un
 disc pentru a fi utilizat de Ubuntu, sau, dacă preferaţi, se poate şi
 manual. Dacă alegeţi să folosiţi unealta de ghidare, veţi putea, mai
 târziu, vedea rezultatele, schimba partiţionarea, sau chiar să anulaţi
 partiţionarea dacă nu vă place.
Description-ru.UTF-8: Принцип разбивки:
 Программа установки может показать вам,
 как разбить диск на разделы для Ubuntu, либо
 это можно сделать вручную. Даже если вы
 выберете разбивку из программы
 установки, то у вас все равно будет
 возможность посмотреть её результаты,
 подправить или отказаться от неё, если
 вас что-то не устроит.
Description-sk.UTF-8: Spôsob rozdeľovania:
 Tento inštalačný program vás môže sprevádzať rozdeľovaním disku,
 na ktorom chcete používať Ubuntu, no môžete to urobiť aj manuálne.
 Pri zvolení sprevádzania rozdeľovaním máte stále možnosť pozrieť
 si neskôr výsledok, upraviť rozdelenie a prípadne ho aj zrušiť, ak
 sa vám nepozdáva.
Description-sq.UTF-8: Mënyra e ndarjes:
 Instaluesi mund të të udhëzojë në ndarjen e një disku për tu
 përdorur nga Ubuntu, ose nëse dëshiron, mund ta ndash manualisht. Nëse
 zgjedh ndarjen e ndihmësit, do kesh mundësinë të shikosh rezultatet
 më vonë, ti rregullosh, ose edhe ti zhbësh ndarjet nëse nuk të
 pëlqejnë.
Description-sv.UTF-8: Partitioneringsmetod:
 Detta installationsprogram kan guida dig igenom partitioneringen av en
 hårddisk för användning med Ubuntu, eller så kan du göra det manuellt
 om du föredrar det. Om du väljer att använda det guidande
 partitioneringsverktyget så kommer du ändå senare att få en chans att
 se resultatet, anpassa det, och till och med ångra partitioneringen om du
 inte tycker om den.
Description-tr.UTF-8: Bölümleme yöntemi:
 Kurulum programı, Ubuntu tarafından kullanılacak bir diskin
 bölümlenmesi sırasında size kılavuzluk edebilir veya işlemi elle de
 yapabilirsiniz.  Bölümlemede kılavuzluk yapacak aracı kullanmayı
 seçerseniz, daha sonra sonuçları görmek, özelleştirmek ve hatta
 beğenmezseniz bölümlemeyi geri almak için size fırsat verilecektir.
Description-uk.UTF-8: Метод розбивки:
 Цей встановлювач може допомогти вам у
 розбивці диску на розділи для
 використання системою Ubuntu або, якщо
 бажаєте, ви можете зробити це вручну.
 Якщо ви виберете розбивку диску за
 допомогою встановлювача, вам пізніше
 буде надана можливість побачити
 результати, змінити їх та навіть
 відмінити розбивку, якщо результати вам
 не сподобаються.
Description-zh_CN.UTF-8: 分区方法：
 安装程序能够指导您对 Ubuntu
 将要使用的磁盘进行分区，如果您喜欢，也可以手动进行。如果选择了分区向导，稍后您还是有机会看到分区结果，并可以自定义修改它。如果您不喜欢这个结果，也可以撤消分区动作。
Description-zh_TW.UTF-8: 磁碟分割方式：
 安裝程式會在分割 Ubuntu
 所使用的磁碟的過程中進行引導﹔或者依您喜好，您也可以選擇手動進行。如果您選擇了使用磁碟分割的引導程式，在稍後您將可以看到分割結果。如果您不喜歡的話，您可以加以修改，或甚至取消這些分割動作。

Template: partman-auto/disk
Type: string
Description: device to partition, in either devfs or non format

Template: partman-auto/automatically_partition
Type: select
Choices: ${CHOICES}
Description: Disk space to partition:
Description-ar.UTF-8: مساحة القرص المطلوب تجزئتها:
Description-bg.UTF-8: Свободно място за разделяне:
Description-bs.UTF-8: Prostor na disku za particionisanje:
Description-ca.UTF-8: Espai en disc a particionar:
Description-cs.UTF-8: Diskový prostor pro rozdělení:
Description-cy.UTF-8: Gofod disg i'w rhaniadu:
Description-da.UTF-8: Diskplads at partitionere:
Description-de.UTF-8: Diesen Festplattenspeicher partitionieren:
Description-el.UTF-8: Χώρος στο δίσκο προς κατάτμηση:
Description-es.UTF-8: Espacio en disco a particionar:
Description-eu.UTF-8: Partitu beharreko diska lekua:
Description-fi.UTF-8: Osioitava levyalue:
Description-fr.UTF-8: Espace disque à partitionner :
Description-gl.UTF-8: Espacio de disco a particionar:
Description-he.UTF-8: שטח דיסק לחלוקה למחיצות:
Description-hr.UTF-8: Diskovni prostor za particioniranje:
Description-hu.UTF-8: Partícionálandó lemezterület:
Description-id.UTF-8: Ruang hard disk yang ingin dipartisi:
Description-it.UTF-8: Spazio disco da partizionare:
Description-ja.UTF-8: パーティショニングするディスク領域:
Description-ko.UTF-8: 파티션 나눌 디스크 공간:
Description-lt.UTF-8: Diskas vieta dalijimui skirsniais:
Description-lv.UTF-8: Diska vieta, ko particionēt:
Description-nb.UTF-8: Diskområdet som skal partisjoneres:
Description-nl.UTF-8: In te delen schijfruimte:
Description-nn.UTF-8: Diskområde som skal partisjonerast:
Description-no.UTF-8: Diskområdet som skal partisjoneres:
Description-pl.UTF-8: Przestrzeń dyskowa do partycjonowania:
Description-pt.UTF-8: Espaço do disco a particionar:
Description-pt_BR.UTF-8: Espaço em disco a ser particionado :
Description-ro.UTF-8: Spaţiul de pe disc de partiţionat:
Description-ru.UTF-8: Выберите разбиваемое дисковое пространство:
Description-sk.UTF-8: Diskový priestor na rozdelenie:
Description-sl.UTF-8: Prostor na disku za radeljevanje:
Description-sq.UTF-8: Hapësira e diskut për tu ndarë:
Description-sv.UTF-8: Diskutrymme som ska partitioneras:
Description-tr.UTF-8: Bölümlenecek disk alanı:
Description-uk.UTF-8: Дисковий простір для розбивки:
Description-zh_CN.UTF-8: 要分区的磁盘空间：
Description-zh_TW.UTF-8: 要進行分割的磁碟空間：

Template: partman-auto/choose_recipe
Type: select
Choices: ${CHOICES}
Description: Partitioning scheme:
 The disk can be partitioned using one of several different schemes.
 If you are unsure, choose the first one.
Description-ar.UTF-8: خطّة التجزئة:
 يمكن تجزئة القرص باستخدام إحدى عدّة خططٍ
 مختلفة. إن لم تكن واثقاً فاختر الأولى.
Description-bg.UTF-8: Схема за разделяне:
 Дискът може да бъде разделен по един от
 многото начини. Ако не сте сигурни,
 изберете първия.
Description-bs.UTF-8: Particiona šema:
 Ovaj disk se može particionisati koristeći jednu od više različitih
 šema. Ako niste sigurni, odaberite prvu.
Description-ca.UTF-8: Esquema de particionat:
 El disc es pot particionar utilitzant diversos esquemes. Si no esteu
 segur, seleccioneu el primer.
Description-cs.UTF-8: Způsob rozdělení:
 Disk můžete rozdělit různými způsoby. Pokud si nejste jisti, vyberte
 první z nich.
Description-cy.UTF-8: Cynllun rhaniadu:
 Gellir rhaniadu'r disg gan ddefnyddio un o nifer o gynlluniau gwahanol. Os
 nad ydych chi'n siwr, dewiswch yr un cyntaf.
Description-da.UTF-8: Partitioneringsmetode:
 Disken kan partitioneres på flere måder. Hvis du er usikker, så vælg
 den første.
Description-de.UTF-8: Partitionsschema:
 Es gibt verschieden Möglichkeiten, ein Laufwerk zu partitionieren. Wenn
 Sie sich nicht sicher sind, wählen Sie den ersten Eintrag.
Description-el.UTF-8: Σχήμα κατάτμησης:
 Είναι δυνατή η επιλογή διαφορετικών
 μεθόδων για την κατάτμηση αυτού του
 δίσκου. Αν δεν είστε βέβαιοι, επιλέξτε
 την πρώτη.
Description-es.UTF-8: Esquema de particionado:
 Esta disco puede ser particionado siguiendo uno o varios de los diferentes
 esquemas disponibles. Si no está seguro, escoja el primero de ellos.
Description-eu.UTF-8: Partizio eskema:
 Gailu hau eskura dauden eskemetako batenbatekin automatikoki partitu
 daiteke. Ziur ez bazaude lehenengoa aukeratu.
Description-fa.UTF-8: شکار پارتیشن‌بندی:
 این دیسک میتواند با استفاده از چند شمای
 مختلف پارتیشن‌بندی گردد. اگر در این مورد
 اطلاعاتی ندارید گزینه‌ی اول را انتخاب
 کنید.
Description-fi.UTF-8: Levyn osiontimalli:
 Levyn osiot voidaan tehdä käyttäen tarjolla olevia osiointimalleja. Jos
 olet epävarma, valitse ensimmäinen.
Description-fr.UTF-8: Schéma de partitionnement :
 Le disque peut être partitionné selon plusieurs schémas possibles. Dans
 le doute, choisissez celui qui est proposé en premier.
Description-gl.UTF-8: Esquema de particionamento:
 O disco pódese particionar empregando un esquema dos fornecidos. Se non
 está seguro, escolla o primeiro.
Description-he.UTF-8: סכמת חלוקה למחיצות:
 הדיסק יכול להיות מחולק למחיצות בעזרת כמה
 סכמות. אם אינך בטוח, השתמש בראשונה.
Description-hr.UTF-8: Shema particioniranja:
 Disk možete particionirati rabeći jednu ili više različitih shema. Ako
 ste nesigurni, izaberite prvu.
Description-hu.UTF-8: Partícionálási mód:
 Többfajta partícionálási mód közül választhat. Ha bizonytalan a
 döntésben, válassza a legelsőt.
Description-id.UTF-8: Pola partisi:
 Hard disk dapat dipartisi dengan satu dari beberapa pola yang berbeda.
 Jika Anda tidak yakin, pilih yang pertama.
Description-it.UTF-8: Schema di partizionamento:
 Il disco può essere partizionato in uno dei diversi schemi. Se insicuri
 scegliere il primo.
Description-ja.UTF-8: パーティショニング機構:
 ディスクは、いくつかの異なる機構のうちの 1
 つでパーティショニングされます。よくわからなければ、最初の選択肢を選んでください。
Description-ko.UTF-8: 파티션 나누기 방법:
 여러가지 방법중의 하나로 드라이브를 파티션을 나눌
 수 있습니다. 잘 모르겠으면 첫번째를 선택하십시오.
Description-lt.UTF-8: Disko dalijimo schema:
 Diskas gali būti dalijamas naudojant vieną iš keleto skirtingų
 schemų. Jei abejojate, pasirinkite pirmąją.
Description-nb.UTF-8: Partisjoneringsoppsett:
 Lagringsenheten kan partisjoneres på en av flere forhåndsvalgte måter.
 Hvis du er usikker, velg den første.
Description-nl.UTF-8: Schijfindelingsschema:
 De schijf kan op verschillende manieren worden ingedeeld. Bij twijfel
 kiest u best de eerste manier.
Description-nn.UTF-8: Partisjoneringsoppsett:
 Disken kan partisjonerast på ein av fleire førehandsdefinerte måtar.
 Viss du ikkje er sikker, vel den første.
Description-no.UTF-8: Partisjoneringsoppsett:
 Lagringsenheten kan partisjoneres på en av flere forhåndsvalgte måter.
 Hvis du er usikker, velg den første.
Description-pl.UTF-8: Metoda partycjonowania:
 Napęd może zostać spartycjonowany na jeden z wielu różnych
 schematów. Wybierz pierwszy jeśli nie jesteś pewien.
Description-pt.UTF-8: Esquema de particionamento:
 O disco pode ser particionado usando um de vários esquemas diferentes. Se
 não tiver a certeza, escolha o primeiro.
Description-pt_BR.UTF-8: Esquema de particionamento :
 O disco pode ser particionado usando um dentre diversos esquemas
 diferentes. Caso você não tenha certeza, escolha o primeiro esquema.
Description-ro.UTF-8: Modelul de partiţionare:
 Discul poate fi partiţionat după unul din următoarele modele. Dacă nu
 sunteţi sigur, alegeţi prima variantă.
Description-ru.UTF-8: Принцип разбивки:
 Диск может быть разбит одним из
 нескольких методов. Если вы не уверены,
 выбирайте первый из них.
Description-sk.UTF-8: Spôsob rozdeľovania:
 Na rozdelenie disku existuje viacero rôznych spôsobov. Ak sa neviete
 rozhodnúť, zvoľte si prvý spôsob.
Description-sl.UTF-8: Shema razdeljevanja:
 Pogon lahko razdelite z uporabo ene izmed večih shem. Če niste
 prepričani, katera je najprimernejša, izberite prvo.
Description-sq.UTF-8: Skema e ndarjes:
 Disku mund të ndahet duke përdorur një nga skemat e ndryshme ndarëse.
 Nëse nuk je i sigurtë, zgjidh të parën.
Description-sv.UTF-8: Partitioneringsplan:
 Hårddisken kan partitioneras på flera olika sätt. Välj det första
 sättet om du är osäker.
Description-tr.UTF-8: Bölümleme yöntemi:
 Disk birkaç farklı şekilde bölümlendirilebilir.  Emin değilseniz,
 birinci yöntemi seçin.
Description-uk.UTF-8: Принцип розбивки:
 Диск може бути розбитий за однією з
 декількох різних схем. Якщо ви не
 впевнені, то виберіть першу.
Description-zh_CN.UTF-8: 分区方案：
 对此磁盘可以使用多种不同的方案进行分区。如果您不太确定，请选择第一方案。
Description-zh_TW.UTF-8: 磁碟分割方式：
 該磁碟可以使用以下數種不同方式之一來進行分割。如果您不確定，請選擇第一個。

Template: partman-auto/unusable_space
Type: error
Description: Unusable free space
 Partitioning failed because the chosen free space may not be used.
 There are probably too many (primary) partitions in the partition table.
Description-ar.UTF-8: مساحة حرّة غير قابلة للاستخدام
 فشلت التّجزئة لأن المساحة المتاحة
 المحدّدة لا يمكن استخدامها. هناك على
 الأرجح الكثير من التّجزئات (الأوّليّة)
 في جدول التّجزئة.
Description-bg.UTF-8: Неизползваемо свободно пространство
 Автоматичното разделяне се провали,
 защото избраното свободно пространство
 не може да бъде използвано. Вероятно има
 твърде много главни (primary) дялове в
 таблицата с дяловете.
Description-bs.UTF-8: Iskoristivi slobodni prostor
 Particionisanje nije uspjelo zato što se izabrani slobodni prostor ne
 može koristiti.  Vjerovatno ima previše (primarnih) particija u
 particionoj tabeli.
Description-ca.UTF-8: Espai lliure no utilitzable
 El particionat ha fallat perque l'espai lliure seleccionat no es pot
 utilitzar. Probablement hi ha massa particions (primàries) en la taula de
 particions.
Description-cs.UTF-8: Nepoužitelné volné místo
 Rozdělování selhalo, protože zvolené volné místo se nedá použít.
 V tabulce oblastí možná existuje příliš mnoho (primárních)
 oblastí.
Description-cy.UTF-8: Gofod rhydd ni ellir defnyddio
 Methodd rhaniadu oherwydd ni ellir defnyddio'r gofod rhydd a ddewiswyd.
 Mwy na thebyg, mae gormod o rhaniadau (cynradd) yn y tabl rhaniadau.
Description-da.UTF-8: Ubrugelig fri plads
 Partitioneringen mislykkedes, da den valgte frie plads ikke kan bruges.
 Der er sandsynligvis for mange (primære) partitioner i
 partitionstabellen.
Description-de.UTF-8: Unbrauchbarer, freier Speicher
 Die Partitionierung schlug fehl, da der ausgewählte freie Speicher nicht
 genutzt werden kann. Vermutlich befinden sich zu viele (primäre)
 Partitionen in der Partitionstabelle.
Description-el.UTF-8: Μη χρησιμοποιήσιμος διαθέσιμος χώρος
 Η κατάτμηση απέτυχε διότι ο επιλεγμένος
 διαθέσιμος χώρος δε μπορεί να
 χρησιμοποιηθεί.  Πιθανώς υπάρχουν πολλά
 (πρωτεύοντα) τμήματα στον πίνακα
 τμημάτων.
Description-es.UTF-8: Espacio libre no utilizado
 Falló el particionado porque el espacio libre escogido no puede ser
 utilizado. Probablemente haya demasiadas particiones (primarias) en la
 tabla de particiones.
Description-eu.UTF-8: Erbiligabeko leku librea
 Aukeratutako leku libre ezin denez erabili partitze automatikoak huts egin
 du. Ziurrenik partizio (primario) geihegi daude partizio taulan.
Description-fa.UTF-8: فضای خالی غیر قابل استفاده
 عملیات پارتیشن‌بندی شکست خورد. زیرا
 فضای خالی انتخاب شده قابل استفاده نیست.
 این مشکل احتمالا به خاطر تعدد پارتیشنها
 (ی احتمالا ولیه) بر روی دیسک است.
Description-fi.UTF-8: Käyttökelvotonta vapaata tilaa
 Levyn osiointi epäonnistui koska valittua vapaata tilaa ei voi
 käyttää. Levyn osiotaulussa on luultavasti liian monta (ensisijaista)
 osiota.
Description-fr.UTF-8: Espace libre inutilisable
 Le partitionnement a échoué car l'espace libre choisi ne peut pas être
 utilisé. Il existe probablement trop de partitions primaires dans la
 table de partitions.
Description-gl.UTF-8: Espacio libre non utilizable
 Non se puido particionar porque non se pode empregar o espacio libre
 seleccionado. Probablemente haxa demasiadas particións (primarias) na
 táboa de particións.
Description-he.UTF-8: מקום פנוי לא שמיש
 כשלון בחלוקה למחיצות מאחר והמקום הפנוי
 לא ניתן לשימוש. כנראה שיש יותר מידי
 מחיצות (ראשיות) בטבלת המחיצות.
Description-hr.UTF-8: Neuporabljiv prostor
 Particioniranje nije uspjelo jer izabrani slobodni prostor nije moguće
 koristiti. Vjerojatno ima previše (primarnih) particija u particijskoj
 tablici.
Description-hu.UTF-8: Felhasználhatatlan szabad hely
 A partícionálás nem járt sikerrel, mert a kiválasztott szabad hely
 nem felhasználható. A partíciós táblában valószínűleg túl sok
 (elsődleges) partíció szerepel.
Description-id.UTF-8: Ruang kosong tidak dapat dipakai
 Proses pemartisian gagal karena karena ruang kosong yang dipilih tidak
 dapat digunakan. Mungkin terlalu banyak partisi (primer) pada tabel
 partisi.
Description-it.UTF-8: Spazio libero inutilizzabile
 Il partizionamento è fallito perché lo spazio libero scelto non può
 essere usato. Ci sono probabilmente troppe partizioni (primarie) nella
 tabella delle partizioni.
Description-ja.UTF-8: 空き領域を利用できません
 選択された空き領域が利用できなかったため、パーティショニングに失敗しました。おそらく、多すぎる
 (基本)
 パーティションがパーティションテーブルにあるために起きたのでしょう。
Description-ko.UTF-8: 남은 공간을 사용할 수 없습니다
 선택한 남은 공간을 사용할 수 없어서 파티션 나누기에
 실패했습니다.  파티션 테이블에 (프라이머리) 파티션이
 너무 많기 때문에 실패했을 것입니다.
Description-lt.UTF-8: Netinkama laisva vieta
 Disko dalijimas nepavyko, nes pasirinkta laisva vieta negali būti
 panaudota. Galbūt disko skirsnių lentelėje yra per daug (pirminių)
 skirsnių.
Description-nb.UTF-8: Kan ikke bruke det ledige området
 Klarte ikke å partisjonere automatisk fordi det ledige området ikke kan
 brukes. Det er trolig for mange (primære) partisjoner i
 partisjonstabellen.
Description-nl.UTF-8: Onbruikbare vrije ruimte
 Schijfindeling is mislukt omdat de gekozen vrije ruimte niet gebruikt kan
 worden. Waarschijnlijk zijn er teveel (primaire) partities in de
 schijfindelingstabel.
Description-nn.UTF-8: Ikkje brukbart ledig område
 Klarte ikkje partisjonera automatisk fordi det ledige området ikkje kan
 brukast. Det er truleg for mange (primære) partisjonar i
 partisjonstabellen.
Description-no.UTF-8: Kan ikke bruke det ledige området
 Klarte ikke å partisjonere automatisk fordi det ledige området ikke kan
 brukes. Det er trolig for mange (primære) partisjoner i
 partisjonstabellen.
Description-pl.UTF-8: Nieprzydatna wolna przestrzeń
 Partycjonowanie z użyciem kreatora nie powiodło się, ponieważ wolna
 przestrzeń nie może być wykorzystana. Prawdopodobnie posiadasz za dużo
 (podstawowych) partycji w tablicy partycji.
Description-pt.UTF-8: Espaço livre não utilizável
 O particionamento falhou o particionamento porque o espaço livre
 escolhido não pode ser utilizado. Provavelmente existem muitas
 partições (primárias) na tabela de partições.
Description-pt_BR.UTF-8: Espaço livre não utilizável
 O particionamento falhou devido ao espaço livre escolhido não poder ser
 usado. Provavelmente existem muitas partições (primárias) na tabela de
 partições.
Description-ro.UTF-8: Spaţiu liber inutilizabil
 Partiţionare a eşuat deoarece spaţiul liber ales nu poate fi utilizat.
 Probabil că sunt prea multe partiţii (primare) în tabela de partiţii.
Description-ru.UTF-8: Непригодное свободное место
 Автоматическая разбивка не удалась,
 поскольку не получилось
 воспользоваться указанным свободным
 местом. Скорее всего, в таблице разделов
 слишком много (первичных) разделов.
Description-sk.UTF-8: Nepoužiteľné voľné miesto
 Sprievodca pri rozdeľovaní zlyhal kvôli nepoužiteľnosti voľného
 miesta. V tabuľke oblastí asi existuje príliš veľa (primárnych)
 oblastí.
Description-sl.UTF-8: Neuporaben nezaseden prostor
 Razdeljevanje ni uspelo, ker izbran nezaseden prostor ni uporaben. 
 Verjetno je preveč (primarnih) razdelkov v tabeli razdelkov.
Description-sq.UTF-8: Hapësirë e lirë e papërdorur
 Ndarja dështoi ngaqë hapësira e lirë e zgjedhur nuk mund të
 përdoret. Ndoshta ka shumë ndarje (parësore) në tabelën e ndarjeve.
Description-sv.UTF-8: Oanvändbart ledigt utrymme
 Partitioneringen misslyckades eftersom det valda lediga utrymmet inte kan
 användas. Det finns förmodligen för många (primära) partitioner i
 partitionstabellen.
Description-tr.UTF-8: Kullanılamayan boş alan
 Seçtiğiniz boş alan kullanılamaz durumda olabileceğinden bölümleme
 işlemi başarısızlıkla sonuçlandı.  Muhtemelen bölümleme
 tablosunda çok sayıda (birincil) bölüm bulunuyor.
Description-uk.UTF-8: Непридатний вільний простір
 Розбивка не вдалася, оскільки вибраний
 вільний простір не може бути
 використаний. Можливо, в таблиці
 розділів занадто багато (первинних)
 розділів.
Description-zh_CN.UTF-8: 不可用的空闲空间
 分区失败的原因是无法使用被选的空闲空间。分区表中可能存在过多(主)分区。
Description-zh_TW.UTF-8: 無法使用的未使用空間
 也許是因為所指定的未使用空間無法使用，以致於無法分割該磁碟。在磁碟分割表中可能有過多的
 (主) 分割區。

Template: partman-auto/expert_recipe_file
Type: string
Description: file to load for expert recipe

Template: partman-auto/expert_recipe
Type: string
Description: expert recipe content

Template: partman-auto/text/automatically_partition
Type: text
Description: Guided partitioning
Description-ar.UTF-8: تجزئة موجّهة
Description-bg.UTF-8: Автоматично разделяне
Description-bs.UTF-8: Vodić za particionisanje
Description-ca.UTF-8: Particionat guiat
Description-cs.UTF-8: Asistované rozdělení
Description-cy.UTF-8: Rhaniadu arweiniedig
Description-da.UTF-8: Guidet partitionering
Description-de.UTF-8: Geführte Partitionierung
Description-el.UTF-8: Οδηγός κατάτμησης
Description-es.UTF-8: Particionado guiado
Description-eu.UTF-8: Partitze automatikoa
Description-fa.UTF-8: پارتیشن‌بندی راهبری شده
Description-fi.UTF-8: Opastettu levyosioiden teko
Description-fr.UTF-8: Partitionnement assisté
Description-gl.UTF-8: Particionamento guiado
Description-he.UTF-8: חלוקה מודרכת למחיצות
Description-hr.UTF-8: Automatsko particioniranje
Description-hu.UTF-8: Telepítővel segített partícionálás
Description-id.UTF-8: Pemartisian terpandu
Description-it.UTF-8: Partizionamento guidato
Description-ja.UTF-8: ガイドによるパーティショニング
Description-ko.UTF-8: 단계에 따라 파티션
Description-lt.UTF-8: Vadovaujantis disko dalijimas
Description-lv.UTF-8: Vadīta particionēšana
Description-nb.UTF-8: Partisjonering med veiledning
Description-nl.UTF-8: Begeleide schijfindeling
Description-nn.UTF-8: Partisjonering med rettleiing
Description-no.UTF-8: Partisjonering med veiledning
Description-pl.UTF-8: Partycjonowanie z przewodnikiem
Description-pt.UTF-8: Particionamento guiado
Description-pt_BR.UTF-8: Particionamento assistido
Description-ro.UTF-8: Partiţionare ghidată
Description-ru.UTF-8: Автоматическая разбивка
Description-sk.UTF-8: Sprievodca rozdeľovaním
Description-sl.UTF-8: Vodeno razdeljevanje
Description-sq.UTF-8: Ndarje e udhëzuar
Description-sv.UTF-8: Guidad partitionering
Description-tr.UTF-8: Bölümleme yardımcısını kullanarak bölümle
Description-uk.UTF-8: Розбивка за допомогою встановлювача
Description-zh_CN.UTF-8: 分区向导
Description-zh_TW.UTF-8: 磁碟分割導引

Template: partman-auto/text/use_biggest_free
Type: text
Description: Use the largest continuous free space
Description-ar.UTF-8: استخدام أكبر مساحة متاحة متواصلة
Description-bg.UTF-8: Използване на най-голямото непрекъснато свободно пространство
Description-bs.UTF-8: Koristiti najveći neprekidni slobodni prostor
Description-ca.UTF-8: Utilitza l'espai lliure continu més gran
Description-cs.UTF-8: Použít největší spojité volné místo
Description-cy.UTF-8: Defnyddio'r gofod rhydd parhaol mwyaf
Description-da.UTF-8: Brug den største sammenhængende fri plads
Description-de.UTF-8: Größten, ununterbrochenen freien Speicher benutzen
Description-el.UTF-8: Χρησιμοποίησε τον μεγαλύτερο συνεχές ελεύθερο χώρο
Description-es.UTF-8: Utilizar el espacio libre contíguo más grande
Description-eu.UTF-8: Erabili alboko leku libre handiena
Description-fi.UTF-8: Käytä suurinta yhtenäistä vapaata tilaa
Description-fr.UTF-8: Utiliser le plus grand espace disponible possible
Description-gl.UTF-8: Empregar o espacio libre contiguo máis grande
Description-he.UTF-8: השתמש בשטח הדיסק הפנוי הרציף הכי גדול
Description-hr.UTF-8: Iskoristi najveći cjeloviti slobodan prostor
Description-hu.UTF-8: Legnagyobb összefüggő szabad hely felhasználása
Description-id.UTF-8: Menggunakan ruang kosong paling besar
Description-it.UTF-8: Usare il più ampio spazio contiguo disponibile.
Description-ja.UTF-8: 最大の連続空き領域を使う
Description-ko.UTF-8: 가장 큰 연속된 공간 사용
Description-lt.UTF-8: Naudoti didžiausią ištisinę laisvą vietą
Description-nb.UTF-8: Bruk området med størst sammenhengende ledig plass
Description-nl.UTF-8: Grootste aaneensluitende vrije ruimte gebruiken
Description-nn.UTF-8: Bruk området som har mest samanhengande ledig plass
Description-no.UTF-8: Bruk området med størst sammenhengende ledig plass
Description-pl.UTF-8: Użyj największej, ciągłej, wolnej przestrzeni
Description-pt.UTF-8: Usar o maior espaço livre contínuo
Description-pt_BR.UTF-8: Usar o maior espaço livre contínuo
Description-ro.UTF-8: Utilizează cel mai mare spaţiu liber continuu
Description-ru.UTF-8: Использовать самое большое непрерывное свободное место
Description-sk.UTF-8: Použiť najväčšie súvislé voľné miesto
Description-sl.UTF-8: Uporabi največji neprekinjen nezaseden prostor
Description-sq.UTF-8: Përdor hapësirën e lirë më të madhe vijuese
Description-sv.UTF-8: Använd det största oavbrutna lediga utrymmet
Description-tr.UTF-8: En büyük kesintisiz boş alanı kullan
Description-uk.UTF-8: Використати найбільший послідовний шматок вільного простору
Description-zh_CN.UTF-8: 使用最大的连续空闲空间
Description-zh_TW.UTF-8: 使用最大的連續未使用空間

Template: partman-auto/text/use_device
Type: text
Description: Erase entire disk: ${DEVICE}
Description-ar.UTF-8: مسح القرص بكامله: ${DEVICE}
Description-bg.UTF-8: Изтриване на цял диск: ${DEVICE}
Description-bs.UTF-8: Obrisati cijeli disk: ${DEVICE}
Description-ca.UTF-8: Esborra el disc sencer: ${DEVICE}
Description-cs.UTF-8: Smazat celý disk: ${DEVICE}
Description-cy.UTF-8: Dileu'r disg cyfan: ${DEVICE}
Description-da.UTF-8: Slet hele denne disk: ${DEVICE}
Description-de.UTF-8: Gesamtes Laufwerk löschen: ${DEVICE}
Description-el.UTF-8: Χρήση ολόκληρου του δίσκου: ${DEVICE}
Description-es.UTF-8: Borrar el disco completo: ${DEVICE}
Description-eu.UTF-8: Ezabatu gailu osoa: ${DEVICE}
Description-fa.UTF-8: پاک کردن کل دیسک : ${DEVICE}
Description-fi.UTF-8: Tyhjennä koko levy: ${DEVICE}
Description-fr.UTF-8: Utiliser intégralement le disque ${DEVICE}
Description-gl.UTF-8: Borrar todo o disco: ${DEVICE}
Description-he.UTF-8: מחק את כל הדיסק: ${DEVICE}
Description-hr.UTF-8: Obriši cijeli disk: ${DEVICE}
Description-hu.UTF-8: Egész lemez törlése: ${DEVICE}
Description-id.UTF-8: Hapus seluruh hard disk: ${DEVICE}
Description-it.UTF-8: Cancellare l'intero disco: ${DEVICE}
Description-ja.UTF-8: ディスク全体を消去する: ${DEVICE}
Description-ko.UTF-8: 전체 드라이브 지우기: ${DEVICE}
Description-lt.UTF-8: Ištrinti visą diską: ${DEVICE}
Description-nb.UTF-8: Slett hele harddisken: ${DEVICE}
Description-nl.UTF-8: Volledige schijf wissen: ${DEVICE}
Description-nn.UTF-8: Slett heile disken: ${DEVICE}
Description-no.UTF-8: Slett hele harddisken: ${DEVICE}
Description-pl.UTF-8: Wyczyść cały dysk: ${DEVICE}
Description-pt.UTF-8: Apagar o disco inteiro: ${DEVICE}
Description-pt_BR.UTF-8: Apagar todo o disco : ${DEVICE}
Description-ro.UTF-8: Utilizează întregul disc ${DEVICE}
Description-ru.UTF-8: Стереть весь диск: ${DEVICE}
Description-sk.UTF-8: Zmazať celý disk: ${DEVICE}
Description-sl.UTF-8: Izbriši celoten pogon: ${DEVICE}
Description-sq.UTF-8: Fshi të gjithë diskun: ${DEVICE}
Description-sv.UTF-8: Töm hela hårddisken: ${DEVICE}
Description-tr.UTF-8: Tüm diski sil: ${DEVICE}
Description-uk.UTF-8: Стерти весь диск: ${DEVICE}
Description-zh_CN.UTF-8: 清空整个磁盘：${DEVICE}
Description-zh_TW.UTF-8: 刪除整個磁碟：${DEVICE}

Template: partman-auto/text/custom_partitioning
Type: text
Description: Manually edit partition table
Description-ar.UTF-8: تحرير جدول التّجزئة يدويّاً
Description-bg.UTF-8: Ръчно редактиране на таблицата с дяловете
Description-bs.UTF-8: Ručno uredite particionu tabelu
Description-ca.UTF-8: Edita manualment la taula de particions
Description-cs.UTF-8: Ručně upravit tabulku oblastí
Description-cy.UTF-8: Golygu'r tabl rhaniadau â llaw
Description-da.UTF-8: Redigér selv partitionestabellen
Description-de.UTF-8: Partitionstabelle von Hand eingeben
Description-el.UTF-8: Χειροκίνητη επεξεργασία του πίνακα τμημάτων
Description-es.UTF-8: Editar manualmente la tabla de particiones
Description-eu.UTF-8: Partizio taula eskuz editatu
Description-fa.UTF-8: ویرایش دستی جدول پارتیشن
Description-fi.UTF-8: Muokkaa itse osiotaulua
Description-fr.UTF-8: Modifier manuellement la table de partitions
Description-gl.UTF-8: Editar manualmente a táboa de particións
Description-he.UTF-8: עריכת טבלת מחיצות באופן ידני
Description-hr.UTF-8: Ručno uredi particijsku tablicu
Description-hu.UTF-8: Partíciós tábla kézi szerkesztése
Description-id.UTF-8: Ubah tabel partisi secara manual
Description-it.UTF-8: Modificare la tabella delle partizioni manualmente
Description-ja.UTF-8: 手動でパーティションテーブルを編集
Description-ko.UTF-8: 수동으로 파티션 테이블 편집
Description-lt.UTF-8: Rankiniu būdu taisyti skirsnių lentelę
Description-nb.UTF-8: Rediger partisjonstabellen manuelt
Description-nl.UTF-8: Schijfindeling handmatig bepalen
Description-nn.UTF-8: Rediger partisjonstabellen manuelt
Description-no.UTF-8: Rediger partisjonstabellen manuelt
Description-pl.UTF-8: Modyfikuj ręcznie tablicę partycji
Description-pt.UTF-8: Manualmente editar a tabela de partições
Description-pt_BR.UTF-8: Editar manualmente a tabela de partições
Description-ro.UTF-8: Editează manual tabela de partiţii
Description-ru.UTF-8: Изменить таблицу разделов вручную
Description-sk.UTF-8: Manuálne upraviť tabuľku oblastí
Description-sl.UTF-8: Ročno uredi tabelo razdelkov
Description-sq.UTF-8: Ndrysho manualisht tabelën e ndarjes
Description-sv.UTF-8: Redigera partitionstabellen manuellt
Description-tr.UTF-8: Bölümleme tablosunu elle düzenle
Description-uk.UTF-8: Редагувати таблицю розділів вручну
Description-zh_CN.UTF-8: 手动编辑分区表
Description-zh_TW.UTF-8: 手動編輯磁碟分割表

Template: partman-auto/text/auto_free_space
Type: text
Description: Automatically partition the free space
Description-ar.UTF-8: تجزئة المساحة المتاحة آليّاً
Description-bg.UTF-8: Автоматично разделяне на свободното пространство
Description-bs.UTF-8: Automatski particioniši slobodni prostor
Description-ca.UTF-8: Particiona automàticament l'espai lliure
Description-cs.UTF-8: Automaticky rozdělit volné místo
Description-cy.UTF-8: Rhaniadu'r gofod rhydd yn awtomatig
Description-da.UTF-8: Automatisk partitionering af den frie plads
Description-de.UTF-8: Freien Speicher automatisch partitionieren
Description-el.UTF-8: Αυτόματη κατάτμηση του ελεύθερου χώρου
Description-es.UTF-8: Particionar de forma automática el espacio libre
Description-eu.UTF-8: Leku librea automatikoki partitu
Description-fa.UTF-8: فضای آزاد را به صورت اتوماتیک پارتیشن بندی کن
Description-fi.UTF-8: Osioi automaattisesti vapaa tila
Description-fr.UTF-8: Partitionner automatiquement l'espace disponible
Description-gl.UTF-8: Particionar automaticamente o espacio libre
Description-he.UTF-8: חלוקה אוטומטית את המקום הפנוי
Description-hr.UTF-8: Automatski particioniraj slobodan prostor
Description-hu.UTF-8: Szabad hely automatikus partícionálása
Description-id.UTF-8: Partisi ruang kosong secara otomatis
Description-it.UTF-8: Partizionare automaticamente lo spazio libero
Description-ja.UTF-8: ガイドによるパーティショニング
Description-ko.UTF-8: 남은 공간을 자동으로 파티션
Description-lt.UTF-8: Automatiškai sudalinti laisvą disko vietą
Description-lv.UTF-8: Automātiski particionēt brīvo vietu
Description-nb.UTF-8: Partisjoner det ledige området automatisk
Description-nl.UTF-8: De beschikbare vrije ruimte automatisch indelen
Description-nn.UTF-8: Partisjoner det ledige området automatisk
Description-no.UTF-8: Partisjoner det ledige området automatisk
Description-pl.UTF-8: Automatycznie partycjonuj wolną przestrzeń
Description-pt.UTF-8: Particionar automaticamente o espaço livre
Description-pt_BR.UTF-8: Particionar automaticamente o espaço livre
Description-ro.UTF-8: Partiţionează automat spaţiul liber
Description-ru.UTF-8: Автоматически разбить свободное место
Description-sk.UTF-8: Automaticky rozdeliť voľné miesto
Description-sl.UTF-8: Samodejno razdeli nezasedeni prostor
Description-sq.UTF-8: Ndaj automatikisht hapësirën e lirë
Description-sv.UTF-8: Partitionera automatiskt det lediga utrymmet
Description-tr.UTF-8: Boş alanı otomatik olarak bölümle
Description-uk.UTF-8: Автоматично розбити вільний простір
Description-zh_CN.UTF-8: 对空闲空间进行自动分区
Description-zh_TW.UTF-8: 對未使用空間進行自動磁碟分割

Template: partman-auto/text/atomic_scheme
Type: text
Description: All files in one partition (recommended for new users)
Description-ar.UTF-8: كل الملفّات في تجزيءٍ واحد (ينصح به للمستخدمين الجدد)
Description-bg.UTF-8: Всички файлове в един дял (препоръчително за нови потребители)
Description-bs.UTF-8: Sve datoteke na jednoj particiji (preporučuje se novim korisnicima)
Description-ca.UTF-8: Tots els fitxers en una partició (recomanat per a nous usuaris)
Description-cs.UTF-8: Všechny soubory v jedné oblasti (doporučeno pro začátečníky)
Description-cy.UTF-8: Pob ffeil ar un rhaniad (argymhellir ar gyfer defnyddwyr newydd)
Description-da.UTF-8: Alle filer i én partition (anbefales for nye brugere)
Description-de.UTF-8: Alle Dateien auf eine Partition (für Anfänger empf.)
Description-el.UTF-8: Όλα τα αρχεία στο ίδιο τμήμα (συνιστάται για νέους χρήστες)
Description-es.UTF-8: Todos los ficheros en una partición (recomendado para novatos)
Description-eu.UTF-8: Partizioa bakarrean (erabiltzaile berrientzat gomendaturik)
Description-fa.UTF-8: تمام فایلها در یک پارتیشن(این گزینه برای تازه ماران پیشنهاد میشود)
Description-fi.UTF-8: Kaikki tiedostot samassa levyosiossa (suositellaan uusille käyttäjille)
Description-fr.UTF-8: Tout dans une seule partition (recommandé pour les débutants)
Description-gl.UTF-8: Tódolos ficheiros nunha soa partición (recomendado para novos usuarios)
Description-he.UTF-8: כל הקבצים במחיצה אחת (מומלץ למתשתמשים חדשים)
Description-hr.UTF-8: Sve datoteke na jednoj particiji (preporučeno za novake)
Description-hu.UTF-8: Minden fájl egyetlen partícióra (új felhasználóknak)
Description-id.UTF-8: Semua berkas berada dalam satu partisi (disarankan bagi para pengguna baru)
Description-it.UTF-8: Tutti i file in una partizione (raccomandata per nuovi utenti)
Description-ja.UTF-8: すべてのファイルを 1 つのパーティションに (初心者ユーザには推奨)
Description-ko.UTF-8: 모든 파일을 파티션 하나에 (처음 사용하는 경우 추천)
Description-lt.UTF-8: Visi failai viename disko skirsnyje (rekomenduojama naujiems naudotojams)
Description-nb.UTF-8: Alle filene på en partisjon (anbefales for nye brukere)
Description-nl.UTF-8: Alles in één partitie (aanbevolen voor nieuwe gebruikers)
Description-nn.UTF-8: Alle filer på ein partisjon (tilrådd for nye brukarar)
Description-no.UTF-8: Alle filene på en partisjon (anbefales for nye brukere)
Description-pl.UTF-8: Wszystko na jednej partycji (zalecane dla nowych użytkowników)
Description-pt.UTF-8: Todos os ficheiros numa partição (recomendado para novos utilizadores)
Description-pt_BR.UTF-8: Todos os arquivos em uma única partição (para iniciantes)
Description-ro.UTF-8: Toate fişierele pe o partiţie (recomandat pentru utilizatori începători)
Description-ru.UTF-8: Все файлы в одном разделе (рекомендуется для новых пользователей)
Description-sk.UTF-8: Všetky súbory na jednej oblasti (odporúčané pre začiatočníkov)
Description-sl.UTF-8: Vse datoteke v enem razdelku (priporočeno za nove uporabnike)
Description-sq.UTF-8: Gjithçka në një ndarje (e këshillueshme për përdoruesit e rinj)
Description-sv.UTF-8: Alla filer på en partition (rekommenderas för nya användare)
Description-tr.UTF-8: Tüm dosyalar tek bölümde (yeni kullanıcılar için önerilir)
Description-uk.UTF-8: Всі файли в одному розділі (рекомендується для новаків)
Description-zh_CN.UTF-8: 将所有文件放在同一个分区中(推荐新手使用)
Description-zh_TW.UTF-8: 把所有的檔案全部放到同一個分割區中 (新手推介)

Template: partman-auto/text/home_scheme
Type: text
Description: Desktop machine
Description-ar.UTF-8: جهاز لسطح المكتب
Description-bg.UTF-8: Машина за работен плот
Description-bs.UTF-8: Desktop mašina
Description-ca.UTF-8: Ordinador d'escriptori
Description-cs.UTF-8: Desktopový počítač
Description-cy.UTF-8: Peiriant penbwrdd
Description-da.UTF-8: Desktop-maskine
Description-de.UTF-8: Desktop-Computer
Description-el.UTF-8: Σταθμός εργασίας (Desktop)
Description-es.UTF-8: Equipo de ofimática
Description-eu.UTF-8: Idazmahai makina
Description-fi.UTF-8: Pöytäkone
Description-fr.UTF-8: Ordinateur de bureau
Description-gl.UTF-8: Máquina de escritorio
Description-he.UTF-8: מחשב שולחני
Description-hr.UTF-8: Kućno računalo
Description-hu.UTF-8: Otthoni vagy irodai gép
Description-id.UTF-8: Mesin desktop
Description-it.UTF-8: Computer desktop
Description-ja.UTF-8: デスクトップマシン
Description-ko.UTF-8: 데스크탑 컴퓨터
Description-lt.UTF-8: Stalinis (desktop) kompiuteris
Description-nb.UTF-8: Skrivebordsmaskin
Description-nl.UTF-8: Desktopmachine
Description-nn.UTF-8: Skrivebordsmaskin
Description-no.UTF-8: Skrivebordsmaskin
Description-pl.UTF-8: Komputer biurkowy
Description-pt.UTF-8: Máquina de Desktop
Description-pt_BR.UTF-8: Máquina Desktop
Description-ro.UTF-8: Maşina de desktop (birou)
Description-ru.UTF-8: Настольная машина
Description-sk.UTF-8: Stolný počítač
Description-sl.UTF-8: Namizni stroj
Description-sq.UTF-8: Kompjuter tavoline (desktop)
Description-sv.UTF-8: Skrivbordsdator
Description-tr.UTF-8: Masaüstü makinesi
Description-uk.UTF-8: Настільний комп'ютер
Description-zh_CN.UTF-8: 桌面电脑
Description-zh_TW.UTF-8: 桌面電腦

Template: partman-auto/text/multi_user_scheme
Type: text
Description: Multi-user workstation
Description-ar.UTF-8: محطّة عمل بعدّة مستخدمين
Description-bg.UTF-8: Многопотребителска работна станция
Description-bs.UTF-8: Višekorisnička radna stanica
Description-ca.UTF-8: Estació de treball multiusuari
Description-cs.UTF-8: Víceuživatelská pracovní stanice
Description-cy.UTF-8: System aml-ddefnyddiwr
Description-da.UTF-8: Flerbruger-arbejdsstation
Description-de.UTF-8: Mehrbenutzer-Arbeitsplatzrechner
Description-el.UTF-8: Πολυχρηστικός σταθμός εργασίας
Description-es.UTF-8: Estación de trabajo multi-usuario
Description-eu.UTF-8: Erabiltzaile anitzeko sistema
Description-fi.UTF-8: Monen käyttäjän työasema
Description-fr.UTF-8: Station de travail multiutilisateur
Description-gl.UTF-8: Estación de traballo multiusuario
Description-he.UTF-8: תחנת עבודה מרובת משתמשים
Description-hr.UTF-8: Višekorisnička radna stanica
Description-hu.UTF-8: Többfelhasználós munkaállomás
Description-id.UTF-8: Stasiun kerja banyak pengguna
Description-it.UTF-8: Sistema multi utente
Description-ja.UTF-8: マルチユーザワークステーション
Description-ko.UTF-8: 여러사람이 쓰는 워크스테이션
Description-lt.UTF-8: Daugelio naudotojų (multi-user) systema (workstation)
Description-nb.UTF-8: Flerbrukermaskin
Description-nl.UTF-8: Werkstation met meerdere gebruikers
Description-nn.UTF-8: Fleirbrukar arbeidsstasjon
Description-no.UTF-8: Flerbrukermaskin
Description-pl.UTF-8: Wieloużytkownikowa stacja robocza
Description-pt.UTF-8: Estação de trabalho multi-utilizador
Description-pt_BR.UTF-8: Estação de trabalho multi-usuário
Description-ro.UTF-8: Staţie de lucru multi-utilizator
Description-ru.UTF-8: Многопользовательская система
Description-sk.UTF-8: Viacpoužívateľská pracovná stanica
Description-sl.UTF-8: Več-uporabniški sistem
Description-sq.UTF-8: Sistem shumë-përdorues
Description-sv.UTF-8: Arbetsstation med flera användare
Description-tr.UTF-8: Çok kullanıcılı iş istasyonu
Description-uk.UTF-8: Багатокористувацька робоча станція
Description-zh_CN.UTF-8: 多用户工作站
Description-zh_TW.UTF-8: 多使用者工作站

Template: partman-auto/text/resize_use_free
Type: text
Description: Resize ${PARTITION} and use freed space
Description-el.UTF-8: Αλλαγή μεγέθους ${PARTITION} και χρήση του ελέυθερου χώρου
Description-es.UTF-8: Conseguir espacio en disco para la instalación
Description-fr.UTF-8: Redimensionner ${PARTITION} et utiliser l'espace libéré
Description-hu.UTF-8: Átméretezés ${PARTITION} és a felszabadított hely használata
Description-it.UTF-8: Ridimensiona ${PARTITION} e usa lo spazio liberato
Description-pt.UTF-8: Mudar o tamanho de ${PARTITION} e utilizar o espaço libertado
Description-pt_BR.UTF-8: Redimensionar ${PARTITION} e utilizar o espaço liberado
Description-sk.UTF-8: Zmeniť veľkosť oblasti ${PARTITION} a použiť voľné miesto
Description-sv.UTF-8: Ändra storlek på ${PARTITION} och använd frigjort utrymme

Template: partman-auto/resize_insufficient_space
Type: error
Description: Failed to create enough space for installation
 The resize operation did not create enough free space for the installation.
 Resizing may have failed. You will have to set up partitions manually.
Description-el.UTF-8: Αποτυχία δημιουργίας αρκετού ελεύθερου χώρου για την εγκατάσταση
 Η λειτουργία αλλαγής μεγέθους δεν
 δημιούργησε αρκετό χώρο για την
 εγκατάσταση, Η αλλαγή μεγέθους μπορεί να
 απέτυχε. Θα πρέπει να ρυθμίσετε τα
 τμήματα χειροκίνητα.
Description-es.UTF-8: Error al crear espacio suficiente para la instalación
 La operación de cambio de tamaño no ha creado suficiente espacio libre
 para la instalación. El cambio de tamaño pudo haber fallado. Deberá
 configurar las particiones manualmente.
Description-fr.UTF-8: Pas assez d'espace pour l'installation
 L'opération de redimensionnement n'a pas libéré assez d'espace pour
 l'installation. Il se peut que le redimensionnement ait échoué. Vous
 allez devoir configurer vos partitions manuellement.
Description-hu.UTF-8: Nem sikerült a telepítőnek elegendő üres helyet létrehozni
 Az átméretezés nem tudott elegendő helyet felszabadítani a
 telepítéshez. Az átméretezés talán nem sikerült. Kézzel kell
 beállítania a partíciókat.
Description-it.UTF-8: Impossibile creare sufficiente spazio per l'installazione
 L'operazione non ha creato sufficiente spazio per l'installazione. Il
 ridimensionamento potrebbe non aver funzionato. Dovrai dimensionare le
 partizioni manualmente.
Description-pt_BR.UTF-8: Falhou ao criar espaço suficiente para a instalação
 A operação de redimensionamento não criou espaço livre suficiente para
 a instalação. O redimensionamento deve ter falhado. Você terá que
 definir as partições manualmente.
Description-sk.UTF-8: Nepodarilo sa uvoľniť dostatok voľného miesta na inštaláciu.
 Zmenou veľkosti oblasti sa nepodarilo uvoľniť dostatok voľného miesta
 na inštaláciu. Budete musieť nastaviť oblasti manuálne.
Description-sv.UTF-8: Kunde inte skapa tillräckligt mycket utrymme för installation
 Storleksändringen frigjorde inte tillräckligt med ledigt utrymme för
 installationen. Operationen kan ha misslyckats. Du måste ställa in
 partitionerna manuellt.
