Template: debian-installer/main-menu-title
Type: text
Description: Guadalinex installer main menu
Description-be.UTF-8: Галоўнае меню праграмы ўсталявання Guadalinex
Description-bg.UTF-8: Главно меню на инсталатор на Guadalinex
Description-bs.UTF-8: Glavni meni Guadalinex installera
Description-ca.UTF-8: Menú principal de l'instal·lador d'Guadalinex
Description-cy.UTF-8: Prif ddewislen sefydlydd Guadalinex
Description-da.UTF-8: Guadalinex-installationens hovedmenu
Description-de.UTF-8: Guadalinex-Installer Hauptmenü
Description-el.UTF-8: Κυρίως Μενού της Εγκατάστασης του Guadalinex
Description-es.UTF-8: Menú principal del instalador de Guadalinex
Description-eu.UTF-8: Guadalinex instalatzeko menu nagusia
Description-fi.UTF-8: Guadalinex-asennusohjelman päävalikko
Description-fr.UTF-8: Menu principal du programme d'installation Guadalinex
Description-gl.UTF-8: Menú principal da instalación de Guadalinex
Description-he.UTF-8: תפריט ראשי של התקנה אובונטו
Description-hr.UTF-8: Glavni izabirnik Guadalinex-instalacije
Description-hu.UTF-8: Az Guadalinex-telepítő főmenüje
Description-id.UTF-8: Menu Utama Instalasi Guadalinex
Description-it.UTF-8: Menu principale dell'installatore Guadalinex
Description-ja.UTF-8: Guadalinex インストーラメインメニュー
Description-lt.UTF-8: Guadalinex įdiegiklio pagrindinis meniu
Description-lv.UTF-8: Guadalinex instalātora galvenā izvēlne.
Description-mg.UTF-8: Reni-tsafidin'ny rindran'asa mpametraka an'i Guadalinex
Description-nb.UTF-8: Hovedmenyen for installeringen av Guadalinex
Description-nl.UTF-8: Hoofdmenu Guadalinex-installatieprogramma
Description-nn.UTF-8: Hovudmenyen i Guadalinex-installeringa
Description-no.UTF-8: Hovedmenyen for installeringen av Guadalinex
Description-pl.UTF-8: Menu główne instalatora Guadalinex
Description-pt.UTF-8: Menu principal do instalador Guadalinex
Description-pt_BR.UTF-8: Menu principal do instalador Guadalinex
Description-ro.UTF-8: Meniul principal al programului de instalare Guadalinex
Description-ru.UTF-8: Основное меню программы установки Guadalinex
Description-sl.UTF-8: Glavni meni Guadalinex namestilnika
Description-sq.UTF-8: Menuja kryesore e instaluesit Guadalinex
Description-sv.UTF-8: Huvudmeny i Guadalinexs installationsprogram.
Description-tl.UTF-8: Pangunahing menu ng Tagaluklok ng Guadalinex
Description-tr.UTF-8: Guadalinex kurulumu ana menüsü
Description-uk.UTF-8: Головне меню встановлювача Guadalinex
Description-vi.UTF-8: Trình đơn cài đặt chính của Guadalinex
Description-wo.UTF-8: Menu bu mag bu Guadalinex installer
Description-xh.UTF-8: Imenyu yesiseko esiyintloko senkqubo ye-Guadalinex
Description-zh_CN.UTF-8: Guadalinex 安装程序主菜单
Description-zh_TW.UTF-8: Guadalinex 安裝程式主選單

Template: debian-installer/main-menu
Type: select
Choices: ${MENU}
Default: ${DEFAULT}
Description: Choose the next step in the install process:
 This is the main menu for the Guadalinex installer.
Description-be.UTF-8: Ваш наступны крок у працэсе ўсталявання:
 Гэта галўнае меню праграмы ўсталявання
 Guadalinex
Description-bg.UTF-8: Изберете следващата стъпка от инсталационния процес:
 Това е главното меню на инсталатора на
 Guadalinex
Description-bs.UTF-8: Izaberite slijedeći korak instalacijskog procesa:
 Ovo je glavni meni Guadalinex installera.
Description-ca.UTF-8: Seleccioneu el següent pas en el procés d'instal·lació:
 Aquest és el menú principal de l'instal·lador d'Guadalinex.
Description-cy.UTF-8: Dewiswch y cam nesaf yn y broses sefydlu:
 Dyma brif ddewislen y sefydlydd Guadalinex.
Description-da.UTF-8: Vælg næste trin i installationsprocessen:
 Dette er Guadalinex-installationens hovedmenu.
Description-de.UTF-8: Wählen Sie den nächsten Schritt in der Installationsroutine:
 Dies ist das Hauptmenü des Guadalinex-Installers
Description-el.UTF-8: Επιλέξτε την επόμενη εργασία της εγκατάστασης:
 Αυτό ειναι το κύριο μενού επιλογών του
 προγράμματος εγκαταστάσης του Guadalinex.
Description-es.UTF-8: Elija el próximo paso en el proceso de instalación:
 Éste es el menú principal del instalador de Guadalinex.
Description-eu.UTF-8: Aukeratu instalatze-prozesuko hurrengo urratsa:
 Hau da Guadalinex instalatzeko programaren menu nagusia.
Description-fi.UTF-8: Valitse asennuksen seuraava kohta:
 Tämä on Guadalinex-asennusohjelman eli asentimen päävalikko.
Description-fr.UTF-8: Choisissez la prochaine étape :
 Voici le menu principal du programme d'installation Guadalinex.
Description-gl.UTF-8: Seleccione o seguinte paso no proceso de instalación:
 Este é o menú principal do instalador de Guadalinex.
Description-he.UTF-8: בחירת השלב הבא בתהליך ההתקנה:
 זה המסך הראשי של מתקין אובונטו
Description-hr.UTF-8: Izaberite slijedeći korak instalacije:
 Ovo je glavni izabirnik Guadalinex-instalacije.
Description-hu.UTF-8: Válassza ki a telepítőfolyamat következő lépését:
 Ez az Guadalinex-telepítő főmenüje.
Description-id.UTF-8: Pilih langkah berikutnya dalam proses instalasi:
 Ini merupakan Menu Utama Instalasi Guadalinex
Description-it.UTF-8: Scegliere il prossimo passo della procedura d'installazione:
 Questo è il menu principale dell'installatore Guadalinex.
Description-ja.UTF-8: インストールプロセスの次のステップの選択:
 これは Guadalinex インストーラのメインメニューです。
Description-lt.UTF-8: Pasirinkite tolesnį įdiegimo žingsnį:
 Čia pagrindinis Guadalinex įdiegiklio meniu.
Description-lv.UTF-8: Izvēlieties nākošo instalācijas soli:
 Šī ir Guadalinex instalātora galvenā izvēlne.
Description-mg.UTF-8: Fidio ny dingana manraka amin'ny fanaovana ny fametrahana:
 Ity ny reni-tsafidin'ny mpametraka an'i Guadalinex.
Description-nb.UTF-8: Velg neste trinn i installasjonen:
 Dette er hovedmenyen for installeringen av Guadalinex.
Description-nl.UTF-8: Wat is de volgende installatiestap die u wilt uitvoeren?
 Dit is het hoofdmenu van het Guadalinex-installatieprogramma.
Description-nn.UTF-8: Vel neste steg i installasjonen:
 Dette er hovudmenyen i Guadalinex-installeringa.
Description-no.UTF-8: Velg neste trinn i installasjonen:
 Dette er hovedmenyen for installeringen av Guadalinex.
Description-pl.UTF-8: Wybierz następny etap instalacji:
 To jest menu główne instalatora Guadalinex.
Description-pt.UTF-8: Escolha o próximo passo do processo de instalação
 Este é o menu principal do instalador Guadalinex
Description-pt_BR.UTF-8: Escolha a próxima etapa do processo de instalação :
 Este é o menu principal do instalador Guadalinex.
Description-ro.UTF-8: Alegeţi următorul pas în procesul de instalare:
 Acesta este meniul principal al programului de instalare Guadalinex.
Description-ru.UTF-8: Выберите следующий этап установки:
 Это главное меню программы установки
 Guadalinex.
Description-sl.UTF-8: Izberite naslednji korak v postopku namestitve:
 To je glavni meni Guadalinex namestilnika.
Description-sq.UTF-8: Zgjidh hapin tjetër të proçesit të instalimit:
 Kjo është menuja kryesore e instaluesit Guadalinex.
Description-sv.UTF-8: Välj nästa steg i installationsprocessen:
 Det här är huvudmenyn i Guadalinexs installationsprogram.
Description-tl.UTF-8: Pumili ng susunod na hakbang sa pagluklok:
 Ito ang pangunahing menu ng tagaluklok ng Guadalinex.
Description-tr.UTF-8: Kurulum işleminde bir sonraki adımı seçin:
 Guadalinex kurulum programı ana menüsündesiniz.
Description-uk.UTF-8: Виберіть наступний крок процесу встановлення:
 Це головне меню встановлювача Guadalinex.
Description-vi.UTF-8: Hãy chọn bước tiếp theo trong quá trình cài đặt:
 Đây là trình đơn cài đặt chính của Guadalinex.
Description-wo.UTF-8: Tannal jéego bu istalaasioŋ bi ci tege:
 Bii mooy menu bu mag bu Guadalinex installer.
Description-xh.UTF-8: Khetha inqanaba elilandelayo kwinkqubo yokuseka izixhobo:
 Le yimenyu eyintloko yenkqubo eyenzelwe useko-zixhobo lo-Guadalinex.
Description-zh_CN.UTF-8: 请选择下一个安装步骤：
 这是 Guadalinex 安装程序的主菜单。
Description-zh_TW.UTF-8: 請選擇下一個安裝步驟：
 這是 Guadalinex 安裝程式的主選單。

Template: debian-installer/main-menu/item-failure
Type: error
Description: Installation step failed
 An installation step failed. You can try to run the failing item again
 from the menu, or skip it and choose something else. The failing step
 is: ${ITEM}
Description-ar.UTF-8: فشلت خطوة التثبيت
 فشلت إحدى خطوات التثبيت. يمكنك محاولة
 تشغيل العنصر المعتل مجدّداً من القائمة
 أو تخطّيه و اختيار شيءٍ غير ذلك. الخطوة
 التي فشلت هي: ${ITEM}
Description-be.UTF-8: Крок усталявання не атрымаўся
 Не атрымаўся крок усталявання "${ITEM}". Вы
 маеце магчымасць паспрабаваць выканаць
 яго яшчэ раз з галоунага меню, або  не
 выконваць яго і выбраць другі крок.
Description-bg.UTF-8: Грешка в инсталационната стъпка
 Грешка в някоя инсталационна стъпка.
 Може да се опитате да стартирате тази
 стъпка отново от менюто или да я
 прескочите и да изберете нещо друго.
 Стъпката с грешка е: ${ITEM}
Description-bs.UTF-8: Instalacijski korak nije uspio
 Instalacijski korak nije uspio. Možete pokušati pokrenuti stavku koja
 nije uspjela ponovno sa menija ili ju preskočiti i odabrati neku drugu.
 Neuspješna stavka je: ${ITEM}
Description-ca.UTF-8: Ha fallat el pas de la instal·lació
 Ha fallat un pas de la instal·lació. Podeu provar a executar l'element
 que ha fallat una altra vegada des del menú, o ometre-lo i seleccionar
 una altra cosa. El pas que ha fallat és: ${ITEM}
Description-cs.UTF-8: Krok instalace selhal
 Krok instalace selhal. Nyní se můžete pokusit krok zopakovat, nebo jej
 přeskočit a vybrat z menu jiný krok. Krok, jež selhal, je: ${ITEM}
Description-cy.UTF-8: Methodd cam sefydlu.
 Methodd cam sefydlu. Gallwch geisio rhedeg yr eitem sy'n methu eto o'r
 ddewislen, ei hepgor, neu ddewis rhywbeth arall. Y cam sy'n methu yw:
 ${ITEM}
Description-da.UTF-8: Installationstrinnet mislykkedes
 Et installationstrin mislykkedes. Du kan enten prøve at køre trinnet
 igen fra menuen, eller springe det over og vælge noget andet. Det
 mislykkede trin er: ${ITEM}
Description-de.UTF-8: Installationsschritt fehlgeschlagen
 Ein Teil der Installation ist fehlgeschlagen. Sie können versuchen,
 diesen Schritt aus dem Menü aufzurufen oder überspringen und einen
 anderen zu wählen. Fehlgeschlagen: ${ITEM}
Description-el.UTF-8: Απέτυχε η εργασία της εγκατάστασης
 Μια εργασία της εγκατάστασης απέτυχε.
 Μπορείτε να προσπαθήσετε να εκτελέσετε
 τη συγκεκριμένη εργασία από το μενού, ή
 να την προσπεράσετε και να επιλέξετε
 κάποια άλλη. Η εργασία που απέτυχε είναι
 η: ${ITEM}
Description-eo.UTF-8: Malsukcesis instalada paŝo
 Malsukcesis instalada paŝo, kiun vi povas denove provi ĉe la menuo, aŭ
 preterpasi elektante ion alian. La malsukcesa paŝo estas: ${ITEM}
Description-es.UTF-8: Falló un paso de la instalación
 Falló un paso de la instalación. Puede intentar ejecutar el paso que
 falló de nuevo desde el menú, saltárselo o elegir otro paso. El paso
 que falló es: ${ITEM}
Description-et.UTF-8: Paigaldamise samm nurjus
 Paigaldamise samm nurjus. Võid ebaõnnestunud sammu menüüst uuesti
 käivitada või ta vahele jätta ja valida midagi muud. Samm, mis
 ebaõnnestus: ${ITEM}
Description-eu.UTF-8: Instalatzeko urratsak huts egin du
 Instalatzeko urrats batek huts egin du. Huts egin duen elementua berriro
 menutik exekutatzen saia zaitezke edo hura saltatu eta beste zerbait
 aukera dezakezu. Huts egin duen urratsa: ${ITEM}
Description-fa.UTF-8: مرحله‌ای از نصب شکست خورد.
 یک مرحله از نصب شکست خورد. شما میتوانید
 این مرحله را از مجددا از منو اجرا و یا از
 آن صرف نظر کنید. مرحله‌ی شکست خورده ${ITEM}
 است.
Description-fi.UTF-8: Asennuksessa tapahtui virhe
 Asennuksessa tapahtui virhe. Epäonnistuneen kohdan voi yrittää
 käynnistää uudestaan valikosta, tai ohittaa sen ja valita jotain muuta.
 Epäonnistunut kohta on: ${ITEM}
Description-fr.UTF-8: Échec d'une étape de configuration
 Une étape de l'installation a échoué. Vous pouvez essayer d'exécuter
 à nouveau cette étape depuis le menu ou la sauter pour en choisir une
 autre. L'étape qui a échoué est : ${ITEM}
Description-gl.UTF-8: Fallou un paso da instalación
 Fallou un paso da instalación. Pode probar a executar outra vez o
 elemento que fallou no menú, ou omitilo e probar outra cousa. O paso que
 fallou é: ${ITEM}
Description-he.UTF-8: כשלון בשלב ההתקנה
 כשלון בשלב ההתקנה. ניתן לנסות להריץ את
 החלק שנכשל מחדש דרך התפריט הראשי, לדלג על
 השלב או לבחור שלב אחר. החלק שנכשל הוא:
 ${ITEM}
Description-hi.UTF-8: संस्थापना का यह चरण असफल हो गया
 संस्थापना का एक चरण असफल हो
 गया. असफल हुए चरण को मेन्यू
 में से फिर से चलाने की कोशिश
 आप कर सकते हैं या इसे छोड़कर
 कुछ और चुन सकते हैं. असफल हुआ
 चरण हैः ${ITEM}
Description-hr.UTF-8: Korak instalacije neuspio.
 Korak instalacije nije uspio. Možete ga pokušati iznova pokrenuti, ili
 ga preskočiti i izabrati nešto drugo. Neuspio korak je: ${ITEM}
Description-hu.UTF-8: Sikertelen telepítőlépés
 A telepítés egy lépése sikertelenül zárult. A menüből
 újrapróbálhatja a problémás lépést, vagy átléphet rajta és
 tetszőleges másikat választhat. A problémás lépés: ${ITEM}
Description-id.UTF-8: Langkah instalasi gagal
 Sebuah langkah instalasi telah gagal. Anda dapat mencoba mengulangi lagi
 langkah yang gagal dari menu, atau mengabaikannya dan memilih yang lain.
 Langkah yang gagal adalah: ${ITEM}
Description-it.UTF-8: Passo di installazione fallito
 Uno dei passi di installazione è fallito. È possibile provare ad
 eseguire nuovamente il passo, selezionandolo dal menu, oppure lasciarlo da
 parte e selezionarne un altro. Il passo fallito è: ${ITEM}
Description-ja.UTF-8: インストールステップが失敗しました
 インストールステップが失敗しました。メニューから失敗した項目を再度実行するか、スキップするか、別のものを選択するかできます。失敗したステップは次の項目です:
 ${ITEM}
Description-ko.UTF-8: 설치 단계가 실패했습니다
 설치 단계가 실패했습니다. 메뉴에서 실패한 항목을
 다시 실행할 수도 있고, 건너 뛰고 다른 항목을 선택할
 수도 있습니다. 실패한 단계는: ${ITEM}
Description-lt.UTF-8: Įdiegimo žingsnis nepavyko
 Šis įdiegimo žingsnis nepavyko. Galite bandyti kartoti nepavykusį
 žingsnį per meniu, arba jį praleisti pasirinkdami kurį nors kitą.
 Nepavykęs žingsnis: ${ITEM}
Description-lv.UTF-8: Instalācijas soļa izpilde neidevās
 Viena instalācijas soļa izpilde nav izdevusies. Jūs varat mēģināt
 atkal palaistšo soli no galvenās izvēlnes vai arī Jūs varat viņu
 izlaist un mēģināt ko citu.Nav izdevies veikt: ${ITEM}
Description-mg.UTF-8: Dingana fametrahana tsy nahomby
 Misy dingana fametrahana tsy nahomby. Afaka mamerina izay tsy nety ianao
 amin'ny alalan'y reni-tsafidy, na dingano izy dia misafidy zavatra hafa.
 Ny dingana tsy nahomby dia: ${ITEM}
Description-mk.UTF-8: Чекор од инсталацијата не успеа
 Чекор во инсталацијата не успеа. Можеш
 да пробаш да го повториш неуспешниот
 чекор од менито или да го скокнеш и да
 одбереш нешто друго. Чекор кој не успеа
 е: ${ITEM}
Description-nb.UTF-8: Installasjonstrinnet mislyktes
 Et trinn i installasjonen mislyktes. Du kan forsøke å kjøre dette
 trinnet om igjen fra menyen, eller hoppe over det og gjøre noe annet. Det
 som mislyktes var: ${ITEM}
Description-nl.UTF-8: Installatiestap is mislukt
 De installatiestap ${ITEM} is mislukt. U kunt deze stap nogmaals proberen
 uit te voeren, of u kunt deze stap overslaan en iets anders kiezen.
Description-nn.UTF-8: Installasjonssteget feila
 Eit installasjonssteg feila. Du kan prøva å køyra steget som feila om
 igjen frå menyen, eller hoppa over det og velja eit anna. Steget som
 feilar er: ${ITEM}
Description-no.UTF-8: Installasjonstrinnet mislyktes
 Et trinn i installasjonen mislyktes. Du kan forsøke å kjøre dette
 trinnet om igjen fra menyen, eller hoppe over det og gjøre noe annet. Det
 som mislyktes var: ${ITEM}
Description-pa_IN.UTF-8: ਇੰਸਟਾਲੇਸ਼ਨ ਪਗ਼ ਅਸਫ਼ਲ
 ਇੰਸਟਾਲੇਸ਼ਨ ਪਗ਼ ਅਸਫਲ ਹੋਇਆ ਹੈ।
 ਤੁਸੀਂ ਮੇਨੂ ਤੋਂ ਪ੍ਰੋਗਰਾਮ ਮੁੜ
 ਚਾਲੂ ਕਰ ਸਕਦੇ ਹੋ ਜਾਂ ਇਸ ਨੂੰ
 ਛੱਡ ਸਕਦੇ ਹੋ ਅਤੇ ਹੋਰ ਕੁਝ ਚੁਣ
 ਸਕਦੇ ਹੋ। ਅਸਫ਼ਲ ਪਗ਼ ਹੈ: ${ITEM}
Description-pl.UTF-8: Jeden z etapów instalacji nie powiódł się
 Ten etap instalacji nie powiódł się. Możesz spróbować uruchomić go
 ponownie lub pominąć go i wybrać coś innego z menu. Etap, który się
 nie powiódł to: ${ITEM}
Description-pt.UTF-8: Falhou um passo da instalação
 Falhou um passo da instalação. Pode tentar correr de novo o item que
 falhou a partir do menu, ou saltar e escolher outra opção. A falha foi
 em: ${ITEM}
Description-pt_BR.UTF-8: Uma etapa da instalação falhou
 Uma etapa da instalação falhou. Você pode tentar executar o item que
 falhou novamente a partir do menu, ou pulá-lo e escolher um outro item
 quaquer. A etapa que falhou é : ${ITEM}
Description-ro.UTF-8: Pas al procesului de instalare eşuat
 Un pas al procesului de instalare a eşuat. Puteţi încerca să rulaţi
 din nou pasul eşuat, sau să-l săriţi şi să alegeţi altul. Pasul
 care a eşuat este: ${ITEM}
Description-ru.UTF-8: Этап установки не удался
 Не удался этап установки "${ITEM}". Вы можете
 попробовать запустить его ещё раз из
 главного меню, либо пропустить его и
 выбрать другой этап.
Description-sk.UTF-8: Inštalačný krok zlyhal
 Inštalačný krok zlyhal. Môžete sa pokúsiť znovu o spustenie tohto
 chybného kroku z menu, vynechať ho alebo vybrať niečo iné. Chybný
 krok je: ${ITEM}
Description-sl.UTF-8: Namestitveni korak ni uspel
 Namestitveni korak ni uspel. Neuspeli korak lahko poskusite ponovno iz
 menija ali pa ga preskočite in poskusite kaj drugega. Neuspeli korak je:
 ${ITEM}
Description-sq.UTF-8: Hapi i instalimit dështoi
 Një hap instalimi dështoi. Mund ta provosh sërish nga menuja, ose ta
 anashkalosh dhe të zgjedhësh diçka tjetër. Hapi që dështoi është
 ${ITEM}
Description-sv.UTF-8: Installationssteg misslyckades
 Ett installationssteg misslyckades. Du kan försöka att köra det
 krånglande steget igen från menyn, eller skippa det och välja något
 annat. Det krånglande steget är: ${ITEM}.
Description-tl.UTF-8: Bigo ang hakbang na ito sa pagluklok
 May nabigong hakbang sa pagluklok. Maaari mong subukang paganahin muli ang
 nabigong hakbang mula sa menu, o laktawan ito at pumili ng ibang hakbang.
 Ang nabigong hakbang ay: ${ITEM}
Description-tr.UTF-8: Kurulum adımı başarısız
 Bir kurulum adımı başarısızlıkla sonuçlandı.  Bu adımı, menüden
 seçerek tekrar deneyebilir veya bunu atlayarak bir başka adım
 seçebilirsiniz.  Başarısız adım: ${ITEM}
Description-uk.UTF-8: Помилка кроку встановлення
 Виникла помилка при виконанні кроку
 встановлення. Ви можете спробувати
 запустити цей крок знову із головного
 меню або пропустити його та вибрати щось
 інше. Крок, на якому виникла помилка: ${ITEM}
Description-vi.UTF-8: Bước cài đặt không thành công
 Một bước cài đặt không thành công. Bạn có thể thử
 chạy lại một lần nữa từ trình đơn mục chọn không
 thành công, hoặc bỏ qua nó và chọn cái khác. Bước cài
 đặt hỏng là : ${ITEM}
Description-wo.UTF-8: Jéego bu istalaasioŋ bi antuwul
 Amna ab jéego bu istalaasioŋ bu antuwul. Man ngaa jéema demaat ca menu
 ba defaat jéego bu istalaasiŋ bi antuwul, walla nga tëbko tann baneen.
 Jéego bi antuqul moodi: ${ITEM}
Description-xh.UTF-8: Inqanaba lokuseka inkqubo aliphumelelanga
 Inqanaba lokuseka inkqubo aliphumelelanga. Ungazama ukuphumeza into
 engaphumelelanga kwakhona kwimenyu, okanye uyitsibe ukhethe enye into.
 Inqanaba elingaphumelelanga yi: ${ITEM}
Description-zh_CN.UTF-8: 安装步骤失败
 执行某个安装步骤失败。您可以尝试从菜单中选择并重新运行这个失败的项目，或跳过它并选择其它的步骤。失败的步骤是：${ITEM}
Description-zh_TW.UTF-8: 安裝步驟失敗
 有個安裝步驟失敗了。您可以從選單中再次試著執行那個失敗的項目，或略過它並選擇其它步驟。該失敗的步驟為：${ITEM}

Template: debian-installer/missing-provide
Type: select
Choices: ${CHOICES}
Default: ${DEFAULT}
Description: Choose an installation step:
 This installation step depends on one or more other steps that
 have not yet been performed.
Description-ar.UTF-8: اختيار خطوة تثبيت:
 خطوة التثبيت هذه تعتمد على خطوةٍ واحدة
 أو أكثر غيرها لم تنفّذ بعد.
Description-be.UTF-8: Выберыце крок усталявання:
 Гэты крок усталявання залежыць ад
 аднаго ці больш другіх крокаў, якія не
 былі выкананы.
Description-bg.UTF-8: Изберете инсталационна стъпка:
 Тази инсталационна стъпка зависи от
 една или повече други стъпки, които все
 още не са изпълнени.
Description-bs.UTF-8: Odaberite instalacijski korak
 Ovaj instalacijski korak zahtijeva jedan ili više prethodnih koraka koji
 još nisu obavljeni.
Description-ca.UTF-8: Seleccioneu un pas de la instal·lació:
 Aquest pas de la configuració depèn en un o més passos addicionals que
 encara no s'han dut a terme.
Description-cs.UTF-8: Vyberte krok instalace:
 Tento instalační krok závisí na jednom nebo více krocích, které
 ještě nebyly provedeny.
Description-cy.UTF-8: Dewiswch gam sefydlu:
 Mae'r cam sefydlu yma yn dibynnu ar un neu fwy cam arall nid ydynt wedi eu
 cyflawni eto.
Description-da.UTF-8: Vælg et installationstrin:
 Dette installationstrin afhænger af et eller flere andre opsætningstrin,
 der endnu ikke er udført.
Description-de.UTF-8: Wählen Sie einen Konfigurationsschritt:
 Dieser Konfigurationsschritt benötigt einen oder mehrere
 Konfigurationsschritte, die noch nicht gemacht wurden.
Description-el.UTF-8: Επιλέξτε μια εργασία 
 Η συγκεκριμένη εργασία εξαρτάται από
 μία άλλη ή περισσότερες εργασίες που δεν
 έχουν ολοκληρωθεί.
Description-eo.UTF-8: Elektu instalan paŝon :
 Ĉi tiu instalada paŝo dependas de unu aŭ pli aliaj paŝoj, kiuj
 ankoraŭ ne okazis.
Description-es.UTF-8: Elija un paso de instalación:
 Esta paso de la configuración depende de uno o varios pasos que aún no
 se han realizado.
Description-et.UTF-8: Vali paigaldamise samm:
 See paigaldamise samm sõltub ühest või enamast veel läbimata sammust.
Description-eu.UTF-8: Aukeratu instalatzeko urrats bat:
 Instalatzeko urrats hau oraindik egin ez diren beste urrats batzuen mende
 dago.
Description-fa.UTF-8: یک مرحله از نصب را انتخاب کنید:
 این مرحله وابسته ب یک یا چند مرحله‌ی
 دیگر است که هنوز انجام نگردیده است.
Description-fi.UTF-8: Valitse asennuksen kohta:
 Tämä asennuskohta riippuu yhdestä tai useammasta muusta kohdasta joita
 ei ole vielä tehty.
Description-fr.UTF-8: Choisissez une étape de configuration :
 Cette étape de configuration dépend d'une ou de plusieurs étapes
 préalables que vous n'avez pas encore traitées.
Description-gl.UTF-8: Escolla un paso da instalación:
 Este paso da instalación depende de outro ou outros que aínda non se
 fixeron.
Description-he.UTF-8: בחירת שלב התקנה:
 שלב ההתקנה הזה תלוי בשלב או שלבי התקנה
 אחרים שעדיין לא בוצעו.
Description-hi.UTF-8: संस्थापना का कोई चरण चुनें:
 यह संस्थापना चरण एकाधिक
 अन्य चरणों पर निर्भर करता
 है, जो अभी तक पूरे नहीं हुए
 हैं.
Description-hr.UTF-8: Izaberite korak instalacije:
 Ovaj korak instalacije ovisi o jednom ili više drugih koraka koji još
 nisu učinjeni.
Description-hu.UTF-8: Válasszon egy telepítőlépést:
 Ez a telepítőlépés egy vagy több még meg nem történt lépés
 eredményére épít.
Description-id.UTF-8: Pilih sebuah langkah instalasi:
 Langkah instalasi ini bergantung pada satu atau lebih langkah lain yang
 belum dilakukan.
Description-it.UTF-8: Scegliere un passo dell'installazione:
 Questo passo dell'installazione dipende da uno o più passi che non sono
 ancora stati effettuati.
Description-ja.UTF-8: インストールステップの選択:
 このインストールステップはまだ行われていない 1
 つ以上のほかのステップを必要とします。
Description-ko.UTF-8: 설치 단계를 선택하십시오:
 설치 단계는 어떤 단계를 아직 수행하지 않았느냐에
 따라 결정됩니다.
Description-lt.UTF-8: Pasirinkite įdiegimo žingsnį:
 Šis diegimo žingsnis priklauso nuo vieno ar kelių kitų, kol kas dar
 neatliktų žingsnių.
Description-lv.UTF-8: Izvēlieties nākošo instalācijas soli:
 Šī instalācijas soļa izpilde ir atkarīga no citu instalācijas soļu
 izpildes pirms šī soļa un tie vēl nav izpildīti.
Description-mg.UTF-8: Mifidiana dingana femetrahana iray:
 Ity dingana fametrahana ity dia miankina amin'ny dingana iray na maro hafa
 mbola tsy tontonsa
Description-mk.UTF-8: Одбери чекор од инсталацијата:
 Инсталациониот чекор зависи од еден или
 повеќе чекори кои сеуште не биле
 извршени.
Description-nb.UTF-8: Velg et installasjonstrinn:
 Dette trinnet av installasjonen forutsetter ett eller flere trinn som
 ennå ikke er blitt utført.
Description-nl.UTF-8: Welke installatiestap wilt u uitvoeren?
 Deze installatiestap is afhankelijk van één of meer nog niet uitgevoerde
 installatiestappen.
Description-nn.UTF-8: Vel eit installasjonssteg:
 Dette installasjonssteget krev eitt eller fleire steg som ikkje er
 utførde enno.
Description-no.UTF-8: Velg et installasjonstrinn:
 Dette trinnet av installasjonen forutsetter ett eller flere trinn som
 ennå ikke er blitt utført.
Description-pa_IN.UTF-8: ਇੰਸਟਾਲੇਸ਼ਨ ਪਗ਼ ਚੁਣੋ:
 ਇਹ ਇੰਸਟਾਲੇਸ਼ਨ ਉਹਨਾਂ ਪਗ਼ਾਂ ਤੇ
 ਨਿਰਭਰ ਕਰਦੀ ਹੈ, ਜੋ ਕਿ ਹਾਲ਼ੇ
 ਕੀਤੇ ਨਹੀਂ ਗਏ ਹਨ।
Description-pl.UTF-8: Wybierz etap instalacji:
 Ten etap instalacji zależy od jednego lub większej ilości innych
 etapów, które nie zostały jeszcze wykonane.
Description-pt.UTF-8: Escolha um passo da instalação:
 Este passo da instalação depende de um ou mais passos que ainda não
 foram executados.
Description-pt_BR.UTF-8: Escolha uma etapa da instalação :
 Esta etapa de instalação depende de uma ou mais etapas que ainda não
 foram executadas.
Description-ro.UTF-8: Alegeţi un pas al procesului de instalare:
 Acest pas al instalării depinde de unul sau mai mulţi alţi paşi care
 nu au fost parcurşi.
Description-ru.UTF-8: Выберите этап установки:
 Этот этап установки требует завершения
 другого, ещё не выполненного этапа.
Description-sk.UTF-8: Zvoľte inštalačný krok:
 Tento inštalačný krok závisí na jednom alebo viacerých krokoch,
 ktoré ešte neboli vykonané.
Description-sl.UTF-8: Izberite korak namestitve:
 Ta korak nastavitev je odvisen od enega ali več drugih korakov, ki jih
 še niste izvedli.
Description-sq.UTF-8: Zgjidh një hap instalimi:
 Ky hap instalimi varet nga një apo më tepër hapa të tjerë që nuk
 janë ndërmarrë akoma.
Description-sv.UTF-8: Välj ett installationssteg:
 Det här installationssteget kräver ett eller flera andra steg som ännu
 inte har utförts.
Description-tl.UTF-8: Pumili ng hakbang sa pagluklok:
 Kailangan munang tapusin ang isa o mahigit pang hakbang bago
 maisakatuparan ang hakbang na ito sa pagluklok.
Description-tr.UTF-8: Bir kurulum adımı seçin:
 Bu kurulum adımı henüz icra edilmemiş diğer bazı adımları
 gerektiriyor.
Description-uk.UTF-8: Виберіть крок встановлення:
 Цей крок потребує завершення іншого, що
 ще не виконувався.
Description-vi.UTF-8: Hãy chọn một bước cài đặt:
 Bước cài đặt này phụ thuộc vào một hoặc nhiều bước
 cài đặt khác chưa được thực hiện.
Description-wo.UTF-8: Tannal ab jéego bu istalaasioŋ:
 Jéego bu istalaasioŋ bii dafa sukkandiku ci baneen walla yaneen jéego
 yu ñu defagul ba leegi.
Description-xh.UTF-8: Khetha inqanaba lokuseka inkqubo:
 Inqanaba lokuseka inkqubo luxhomekeke kwinqanaba elinye okanye ngaphezulu
 angakhange enziwe.
Description-zh_CN.UTF-8: 请选择一个安装步骤：
 这一安装步骤依赖于另外的一个或多个尚未进行的步骤。
Description-zh_TW.UTF-8: 請選擇一個安裝步驟：
 這一個安裝步驟相依於另外一個或多個尚未進行的步驟。
